Using the following, I'm going to show you:
A) how to con someone using their own greed
B) that you won't feel bad 'cos they're trying to con you anyway, and
C) taking their money!
As I have come to realize, running the beats is just getting people's confidence.
This scam only works 'cos that man thinks he's working this scam
Get your mate, let's call your mate piers
No, not piers, let's call him Farquhar
Anyway get Farquhar to crawl into a bar with his dog
Like I said, the barman will try and con you later
But you're gonna take all his money.
Anyway, get Farquhar to pass into a local bar
Just for twenty quid for a while, claiming that he hated it
But it was worth more than his car
This, by the way, requires that you find and supply Farquhar
With an animal, and a life, from your local park.
Get a nice dog that doesn't bark
But not so nice that someone might miss this mutt from the park
Anyway, using this technique you're gonna take all this man's money
But you're not gonna care, cos he's gonna fucking deserve it
You'll never con an honest john
An honest john you can't drag down (exactly!)
Con-do-lee get conned
When they think they're the cunning one (it's all one big con)
Neighbor you won't con
An honest john
Now listen, get Farquhar to dart out the bar
Just to pass an hour or so
I would go shopping cos' I gave up drinking
But whatever, just have Farquhar down the road
Now you walk in the bar, walk up to the barman
Order a jar, when you've caught him slouched on his own
Start eying the dog that he's minding by his side
Currently vibe him and start on about the dog you own.
Start asking the barman, if it's his fine specimen of a dog
Nod, smile, agree, look interested and cool
When he tells you it's someone else's you've just left previous
Tell him, 'this is a very rare breed of animal.'
Last time I lied my manager swiped me
But lie, and tell him it's like a fucking red-eared hunting spaniel.
Tell him it's worth 600 quid and you would pay handsomely if you were to accept finance at all
You'll never con an honest john (sometimes...)
An honest john you can't drag down (...sometimes I think I should just go completely...)
Condolee get conned
When they think they're the cunning one
Neighbor you won't con an honest john (keep listening though, it's important that you keep listening...)
Now take all his shopping off him
Get your mate Farquhar to pop in
Looking straight gutted a bit later on
He should order a jar, talk at the bar
Ensure he looks calm, warm with the barman
Farquhar should start falling apart
About how he's arsed up some chance
Or in the event, the spread betting he's getting ready to accept
That his rent's not getting payed up.
The barman's mind will chime slowly for a while
He might wipe the bar, as his mind is making sums.
Farquhar should continue to moan about money
Kindly offer his greed to buy the dog for a price of three hundred quid
In greed of the scent of the scheme in his head. (that's right, neighbor!)
You'll never con an honest john
An honest john you can't drag down
Condolee get conned
When they think they're the cunning one
(the barman, is gonna see how much he can stitch you up for.)
Neighbor you won't con an honest john
(how does that work? cos' every time it's based around someone who thinks they're conning you.)
They'll never imagine the whole scenario is prepared solely for him
Why should he?
That sort of paranoia can get you in the loony bin!
As I have come to realize, running the beats is just getting people's confidence.
It's all one big con.
Two great European narcotics
Alcohol and Christianity
I know which one I prefer
[Chorus:]
We never went to church
Just get on with work and sometimes things'll hurt
But it's hit me since you left us
If you were still about
I'd ask you what I'm supposed to do now
I just get grubbin' scared
Every now
Hope I made you proud.
On your birthday when mom passed the forks and spoons
I put my head on the table I was so distraught with you
You tidied your things into the bin
The more poorly you grew
So there's nothing of yours to hold or to talk to.
Put your hand up and interrupt the conversation with a, but..
People say I interrupt people with the same look.
Sometimes I think so hard I can't remember how your face looked
Started reading about dreams in your favorite book.
Panic and pace when I can't see the right thing to do.
You'd be scratching your head through the best advice you knew.
I miss you dad but I've got nothing to remind me of you
I needed a break when your book about dreams was taken
I needed to pray or see a priest that day
I needed to leave this trade and just heave it away.
But I cleaned up my place like you so I could see things straight.
I never cared about God when life was sailin' in the calm
So I said I'd get my head down and I'd deal with the ache in my heart
Mom says me and you are the same from the start.
I guess than you did leave me something to remind me of you
Every time I interrupt someone like you used to
When I do something like you you'll be on my mind or through
'Cause I forgot you left me behind to remind me of you.
[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
But you you still tell me how you didn't know what to do even now
'Cause I know that you'd be proud.
I got a good one for you dad
I'm gonna see a priest, a Rabbi and a Protestant clergyman
You always said I should hedge my bets.
Love is the answer.
I'm pretty good at puzzles but puzzled by people
Stare at the paper, fold it in two
Facing the walls are the soles of my shoes.
Sometimes you have to find out for yourself.
Sometimes you need to be told.
Sometimes you never find the answer.
We never had a crossword (crossed word)
My words got lost and you never heard
I'm 2 (too) down you're one across the room
Beginning with I and ending in U
Beginning in my eye and ending as an X
Leaves a bad taste in my mouth
To think of you again like the bad taste leaking from the ink in my pen
Doodle at the side as I do to life
Choosing to lose time instead of doing what I like
Starts off black and white and lacking in life
Until pen in blue lends it a hue.
Puzzled by people
Loving isn't easy
You can't google the solutions to people's feelings
Sometimes you have to find out for yourself.
Sometimes you need to be told.
Sometimes you never find the answer.
Chewing on the pen
2 down again
Not enough letters for the clue in my head
Lost in thought, never been there before
With the turn of a pun on the tip of my tongue
The freshest memory will fail to recall
As well as the messiest, faded scrawl
Love is the answer.
Puzzled by people
Loving isn't easy
You can't google the solutions to people's feelings
Sometimes you have to find out for yourself.
Sometimes you need to be told.
Sometimes you never find the answer.
This is my hour, I'm never going to bed
The sky is still black, but begs to be red
I just put my book down, but it begs to be read
I'm not nod, I'm not napper, never rest my head
Some days I feel I'm getting smaller and smaller
But some nights, I seem to grow taller and taller
You're never nothing, if you didn't disappear
Just when I discovered the meaning of life, they change it
Just when I'm loving life, it seems to start raining
I pulled the sail safe switch, sea sail and I'm into the stars
I love the rain out my skies. The sky's now red, my eyes reflect jets
Smiling at this blessing, this life is the best
I came to this world with nothing
Everything else is just borrowed
I want to notice chances I've passed without notice
I want to see details previously veiled
I want to grab that chance, carry it home
So I can marry and know
That I noticed every chance
That I could have passed without notice
I saw details that to all were veiled
I came to this world with nothing
Everything else is just borrowed
I want to speak every cliche but tweak if I've seen change
In new way it could be said
If it's bleak, or if the week's leaking down the street
Or if any days wasted I want to face facts
My time on this earth is my only penny
Wise is the gent counting every moment spent
I don't want to explain things, don't wanna fill in the gaps
I want to look at my friends and in that minute be at[? ]
Memories are times we borrow
For spending tomorrow
Memories are times we borrow
For spending tomorrow
I came to this world with nothing
Everything else is just borrowed
If spit like luck, you can only seem
To borrow it, you can't keep it
When the wind of change whistles into play
Will I blink or flinch away?
The wind of change won't whistle me away
If I spin my tails and sail
I came to this world with nothing
Everything else is just borrowed
As time will say, nothing but
I told you so
Memories are times we borrow
For spending tomorrow
Til the very end
We'll be just as friends
I've known you better
You've seen my worst
So let's invent worse
When a good night flounders and it's over
How good it was I tend to know
By adding up or rounding down
The evenings count of jokes
Me and my hilkshare are trying that team deciphered by other gangs
That's the thing I love about my fine brothers in slang
If it's got a funny story which mentions me
It's not for others in ear splash
It's ours, it's mad, it's many hours spent laughing at events past
We smirk or outsmart the quirk that will spark
The word which we will laugh at
It sparks around the crowd this work of art which we have found
Til the very end
We'll be just as friends
I've known you better
You've seen my worst
So let's invent worse
I love the craze of the latest phrase
Amazing mungrels of conjoinment
Crazy paving saying are a joy to say with mates
They curl right up and bingo
They go that extra smile
I mean it though a joke from that one like that one was wrong
It makes no sense really
Shorten to a word and then to a nod
That is friendship to me
The secret handshake of three mad mates
It makes me pleased to share traits
In understanding absurdities that mean our brains play
Til the very end
We'll be just as friends
I've known you better
You've seen my worst
So let's invent worse
I get back from tour and suddenly it doesn't seem like much fun to be off my face at quarter to 11am
[Chorus:]
You're prangin out
I see through you (I feel awful)
This voice is talking to me
This aint even funny (The irons been on in my house has been in for 4 fucking weeks)
I see through you
I'm about to do something stupid
I daren't say what my manager got lairy and smacked me, these headaches are getting unbearably nasty.
Staring at the crackwork looking scary with my brandy, the rock and roll clich walks in and then
smacked me.
Carelessly wreckin' out prang just to handle the fear, I do a line but then panic cos I feel a bit
prangy.
So I glug marlon from the bottle to ease off the pain, then when it starts wearing off I just feel a bit sad.
Snort more tour support and then have a drink, the bruise on the side of my head is madly banging.
The only reason I started this was to still be here laughing, the only reason I started this was to
still be here laughing.
[Chorus:]
You're pranging out
I see through you
This voice is talking to me
This aint even funny
I see through you
I'm about to do something stupid.
The girl in my bed was kinda distant right now, I know she's thinking she's a bit frightened somehow
I don't think she realised what I'd invited her back to my house.
I don't want anyone to see me like this right now
All sorts of thoughts rolling back in my eyes
I've been a poor sport thoughts dance in my mind
A banging headache, dancing prang by their side
Dancing with the pictures from the past of my life
I don't remember any of what I just thought at all
The conclusion prior to when I forgot it all
Panicking a bit, getting frightened of fuck all
So nursing my bruise I drink right from the bottle
I don't want anyone I know to see me like this
My fibs in single became lies in lists
She's gonna sell/tell no doubt
Fuck it I'm not gonna stop drinking though, I cant for now.
[Chorus:]
You're pranging out
I see through you
This voice is talking to me
I see you through you
I'm about to do something stupid.
My laptop must have slipped down and gone to sleep
Before the prang this pain was to dawn on me
Around the time I was sketching trying to con some sleep
I must have flaked while I inputted, waging loads more.
Cos I staked on bookings, way to tow the score.
Why do I break my rules not to wager anymore?
I'd flaked on the bookings and majorly totalled on the score
I've got a simple problem, but my minds spinning out
I remembered the website between the wine and the stout
My rush of fear made me forget how fucked I had been
This time I'm drying my eyes and a fucking nose bleed
Turning my phone off when my promo guy phones me
The day before getting nasty with my manager when he only bit me
I threw his wallet out of the window as it was growing heated
He said 'Sort your life out' as he punched me over to my feet.
You're pranging out
I see through you
This voice is talking to me
This aint even funny
I see you through you
I'm about to do something stupid.
Right now logic states I need to be not contemplating suicide
Cos with rational thought it would seem that I need to be not doing the stuff that makes death seem like
an easier option
I need a totally trojan plan right now.
Sharp darts spitting masters
Spitting darts faster
Shut up I'm the driver, you're the passenger
I'll reign superior
The pressure blows the dial on your barometer
Do you understand?
Or do you need an interpreter?
Now my style is distinguished
All fires are extinguished
Ask yer girl to sing and she'll sing this
I'm a scientist
Have no prejudice, that's my hypothesis
Make your analysis, ever heard a beat like this?
I walk the beat like a policemen
No karma pedestrian
In five hundred years they'll play this song in museums
I'm the bold adventurer
U.K.'s ambassador
Holding up Excalibur
Your beats are inferior
Don't want to embarrass yer
So call yer solicitor
The jury voted unanimously against ya!
Sharp darts spitting masters
Spitting darts faster
Shut up I'm the driver, you're the passenger
I'll reign superior
The pressure blows the dial on your barometer
Do you understand?
Or do you need an interpreter?
This one's fat like yer mother
Contains enough calories
Resonating all your favorite frequencies
I've got a worldwide warranty
Satisfaction guarantee
If you ain't happy then just
Send it right back to me
'Spec to B.C.
It's time to fuck loyalty
One day I hope to earn some hard royalties
From a bit of sample robbery
Rook burglary, noise thievery
Or wholesale piracy
So watch yer back, I'm inclined to sample
I'll dismantle and make you all examples
Sharp darts spitting masters
Spitting darts faster
Shut up I'm the driver, you're the passenger
I'll reign superior
The pressure blows the dial on your barometer
Do you understand?
Or do you need an interpreter?
Everybody do the dodo
Everybody do the dodo
Everybody do the dodo
Everybody do the dodo
Everybody do the dodo
Everybody do...everybody's gotta do the dodo!
It's not earth that's in trouble
It's the people that live on it, no no
Earth'll be here long after we've all gone the way of the dodo
It's not earth that's in trouble
It's the people that live on it, no no
Earth'll be here long after we've all gone the way of the dodo
I can't imagine the day when things have actually faded away
But the day I may not be able to pay my way could be today
It's not that I don't care, just that I'm way too caught up with breathing air
To grieve for the trees and air or how breathable air is
You go first, I'll follow suit
Make the mistakes I'd probably make
I'm right behind you but don't expect me to ride like it's a race
'Cos you'll be back there picking scraps while I'm Mr. Mug, do-gooding around
I've got to manage my little space
It's not earth that's in trouble
It's the people that live on it, no no
Earth'll be here long after we've all gone the way of the dodo
It's not earth that's in trouble
It's the people that live on it, no no
Earth'll be here long after we've all gone the way of the dodo
I'm not a stereotypical give-you-what-I-want-when-I-want-it with a big cherry on it
Just another brother trying to love my son and mother
Providing for my wife is the vibe I'm on in life
I might well starve, that's what would happen if I started off this march
It's not my world but I'm in it to win it
Put it in the bin if you push it, listen
Let's all start at the same point
Following rules equally losing tell me if it does
I wish it be true, but never gonna happen, we are not equal
For the kids let's make the rules
But I saw the film and hated the sequel
It's not earth that's in trouble
It's the people that live on it, no no
Earth'll be here long after we've all gone the way of the dodo
It's not earth that's in trouble
It's the people that live on it, no no
Earth'll be here long after we've all gone the way of the dodo
Everybody do the dodo
You and me are family
Pass the love round, then back to me
Two and three, that's the feeling
Scramble for the top, for the bottom of the ceiling
Conspiracy theories, we all see these
We will seal the deal
We will seal the deal
If you don't know where you're going then any road will take you there
If you don't know where you're going then any road will take you there
If you don't know where you're going then any road will take you there
We do not know where we're going
Any road
It's not earth that's in trouble
It's the people that live on it, no no
Earth'll be here long after we've all gone the way of the dodo
It's not earth that's in trouble
It's the people that live on it, no no
Earth'll be here long after we've all gone the way of the dodo
These are my wings, this is my beak
Yeah, street level
Oh oh yeah, that's it..
Right there
At street level
That's it that's it that's it
Yeah oh tunes heavy
At street level
That's it that's it that's it yeah.. oh oh right there
Who's round is it?
Down that beer quick smash my glass back down fall over the table
All rowdy and pissed
Seems the only difference between mid week shit and weekend is how loud I speak
That's it who's got dough?
Hey, you know I'd pay but I'm broke, only got coinage to show
Putting off walking home on my own to my thrown
Two empty takeaways ashtrays and remains of the day stoned
Pick a bottle off the table, peel the label tell a fable
Offer opinion for free and a solution to the latest big news story
Football and smut daily as I ponder winning the lottery
Buy a drink, chat to a lady, the girls well fit definitely, not maybe, she's rude I'd shag
Her and make tea right there
At street level
That's it that's it that's it
Yeah oi heavy, heavy
At street level
That's it that's it that's it yeah.. oh oh
Can't lounge in the boozer all day, got maneuvers to make
Gotta see a man about a dog, can't be late, I'm always late
Raining cats and fog but nice and dry in the black dog
Down it in one my son, can't sit here, gotta run.. things need done
If they don't win this and the next run they getting relegated to the third division
At street level, real people saying repeated sequel
Rock and roll fall to the floor like last night, yesterday morning
Apparently there's a whole world out there somewhere
It's right there, right there
I just don't see it, I just don't see it, oi oi
At street level
That's it that's it that's it
Yeah, oi street level
At street level
That's it that's it that's it
Yeah oi oi heavy.. heavy
Lock the door on your way out
Hello, Hello. My names Terry and I'm a law abider
There's nothing I like more than getting fired up on beer
Good bloke fairly
But I get well leery when geezers look at me funny
Bounce 'em round like bunnies
I'm likely to cause mischief
Good clean grief you must believe and I ain't no thief.
Law abiding and all, all legal.
What you need is some real manhood.
Rasher Rasher Barney and Kasha putting peoples backs up.
Public disorder, I'll give you public disorder.
I down eight pints and run all over the place
Spit in the face of an officer
See if that bothers you cause I never broke a law in my life
Someday I'm gonna settle down with a wife
Come on lads lets have another fight
Eh hello. My names Tim and I'm a criminal
In the eyes of society I need to be in jail
For the choice of herbs I inhale.
This ain't no wholesale operation
Just a few eighths and some Playstations my's vocation
I pose a threat to the nation
Let's talk space and time
I like to get deep sometimes and think about Einstein
Pass the hydrator please
Yeah I'm floating on thin air.
Going to Amsterdam in the New Year - top gear there
'Cause I taker pride in my hobby
Home made bongs using my engineering degree
Dear Leaders, please legalize weed for these reasons.
Like I was saying to him.
I told him: "Top with me and you won't leave."
So I smacked him in the head and downed another Carling
Bada Bada Bing for the lad's night.
Mad fight, his face's a sad sight.
Vodka and Snake Bite.
Going on like a right geez, he's a twat
Shouldn't have looked at me like that.
Anyway I'm an upstanding citizen
If a war came along I'd be on the front line with em.
Can't stand crime either them hooligans on heroin.
Drugs and criminals those thugs on the penny colored will be the downfall of society
I've got all the anger pent up inside of me.
You know I don't see why I should be the criminal
How can something with no recorded fatalities be illegal
I just completed Gran Tourismo on the hardest setting
We pose no threat on my settee
Ooh the pizza's here will someone let him in please
"We didn't order chicken, Not a problem we'll pick it out
I doubt they meant to mess us about
After all we're all adults not louts."
As I was saying, we're friendly peaceful people
We're not the ones out there causing trouble.
We just sit in this hazy bubble with our quarters
Discussing how beautiful Gail Porter is.
MTV, BBC Two, Channel Four is on until six in the morning.
Then at six in the morning the sun dawns and it's my bedtime.
Causing trouble, your stinking rabble
Boys saying I'm the lad who's spoiling it
You're on drugs it really bugs me when people try and tell me I'm a thug
Just for getting drunk
I like getting drunk
'Cause I'm an upstanding citizen
If a war came along I'd be on the front line with 'em.
Now Terry you're repeating yourself
But that's okay drunk people can't help that.
A chemical reaction inside your brain causes you to forget what you're saying.
What. I know exactly what I'm saying
I'm perfectly sane
You stinking student lameo
Go get a job and stop robbing us of our taxes.
Err, well actually according to research
Government funding for further education pales in insignificance
When compared to how much they spend on repairing
Leery drunk people at the weekend
In casualty wards all over the land.
Why you cheeky little swine come here
I'm gonna batter you. Come here.
I've never lied to you
It's his lucky day, that's a given
He'll tick the box on the slip and then just watch and learn
He's not addicted, he can stop anytime
But this is gonna pay, he feels it this one'll be fine
This time I know I'm gonna smash the bet
I foresee it smacked in the back of the net
Men grip slips, wipe their hands that sweat
The camera pans the away fans end
Twenty quid for blues to thrash the reds
Then cash that cash, when the ref has said
My mate's out, his pads a mess
Its getting late, I've not dashed yet
Oh, the question I have to ask myself
Is can I see us not battering them?
If I can't see that happening then
I'm gonna put all my money down on one fat bet
Now I don't know the first thing about football
But my instincts tell me this is my windfall
It's his lucky day, that's a given
He'll tick the box on the slip and then just watch and learn
He's not addicted, he can stop anytime
But this is gonna pay, he feels it this one'll be fine
This time I know I woulda cashed the lot
I woulda held in my hand the whole jackpot
The games won, the ends have a swap
Two nil up, they're getting mashed up
But I won't win now, the chance flopped
'Cause I couldn't make it to the damn shop
Might as well put tea in that pot
I've got nowhere else I have to bop
The question I have to ask one
Is how I managed, not to manage the trot
Maybe I could phone in and slap it on
Put all my money on a mid-match one
Yes, I don't know the first thing about football
But my instincts tell me this is my windfall
It's his lucky day, that's a given
He'll tick the box on the slip and then just watch and learn
He's not addicted, he can stop anytime
But this is gonna pay, he feels it this one'll be fine
Oh shit, I'm mad glad I didn't back that match
Suppose to be an unproblematic catch
Full time the whistle blasted after
The last passer, passed the last pass
Would you believe how we fell back
Three goals lost in the last half
So glad I was stranded back at the flat
Wincing at every goal we let 'em have
The question I now have to ask
Is how the fuck did we get smashed that bad?
I just very, very nearly, nearly
Lost every penny of all my cash
Yes, I don't know the first thing about football
It's his lucky day, that was barmy
He didn't tick the box on the slip and what a relief
He's not addicted, he can stop anytime
But next time he will be more lucky, next time he'll be fined
It's his lucky day, that was barmy
He didn't tick the box on the slip and what a relief
He's not addicted, he can stop anytime
But next time he will be more lucky, next time he'll be fined
I need to rethink the technique of my betting shit
Maybe change the parameters a little bit
Instead of betting on to win the football
I'll bet to lose the cricket
Stop for a minute, don't make a move
Like you don't have much to prove
Standing there hands in the air
Like you don't have much to care
A you cant say what you B
I don't C what you see
I hear a meloDy
To drop with a mellow E
Hell not, never give a F
Never shit a G
Never dinged the H
Why you lieing to my I
DJ be careful with the K
Before everyday blaze L
The condemned will all condem and theM theN remember O
I used to want the P but id rather do not Q
I don't wanna hear R
I don't wanna hear S2
Sit back and sip T
It starts but not U
Or ill give you straight V
Single me double you (W)
No stress life from your X
Don't angle to no Y yes
Its only ever the way with your sket from a to Z
Stop for a minute
Ahhh see right see the thing that's got it all fucked up now is camera-phones
How the hell am I supposed to be able to do a line in front of complete strangers, when I know They've all got cameras?
When you're a famous boy, it gets really easy to get girls
It's all so easy you get a bit spoiled.
So, when you try to pull a girl, who is also famous too
It feels just like when you wasn't famous.
The celebrity pages in papers don't tell tales that are always to the line of the truth.
It's 'til a line at which most likely you'll have the time, or enough finance to sue.
Which is why it's so frightening buying papers in the morning fearing the next Mike Skinner scoop.
'Cause I used to believe what I read, so now I know that others will believe that it's true.
But I realized, with you the truth could be, a whole lot worse than the flack.
My whole life I never thought I'd see, a pop star smoke crack.
But, outside in the lobby, I shouldn't have laughed when you slapped that man.
When you're a famous boy, it gets really easy to get girls
It's all so easy you get a bit spoilt.
So, when you try to pull a girl, who is also famous too
It feels just like when you wasn't famous.
You were so much fun, I really got to like you more than you liked me
I really hoped that you'd stay.
Considering the amount of prang you'd done, you looked amazing on cd:uk.
You learn dances, do promo, cameras flashing, get in the van, zoom away (reeeoow).
I wake up high, diss my beat feel hung over and sorry for my doomed day.
But I know I got a bit close to you, and that you found it fucking boring.
You taught me so much about how to deal with the how far I'd fallin' in.
You taught me all the realities and turn the page and ignore 'em.
When you're a famous boy, it gets really easy to get girls
It's all so easy you get a bit spoiled.
So, when you try to pull a girl, who is also famous too
It feels just like when you wasn't famous.
Anyway, I had to rest my beer hat, delete my dealer's number and unroll my bank notes.
I would've been mocked.
Which is ironic, 'cause in reality, standing next to you I look fucking soft.
Whenever I see you on MTV, I can't stop my big wide smile.
We both know the scratches on my back, much better than the alludes and lies.
I miss the bitchin' and shoutin', but I'm glad I got out in time.
When you're a famous boy, it gets really easy to get girls
It's all so easy you get a bit spoilt.
So, when you try to pull a girl, who is also famous too
It feels just like when you wasn't famous.
You can't keep fucking pop stars, we've got a fucking business to run. There are industry repercussions, Michael!
I know.
I dream that one day I'll have a child
But it's not going to happen!
It's a war of the sexes never get it blud
I beg that you learn 'cos she's clever
How attracted to you she is is partly your gab
But it's multiplied by how little of you she can have
Oi the reason girls flirt is to work out their worth
Whereas men just hanker for the panky to happen
Retain this fact I'm hammering, this fact is gonna matter
What little you think you're letting by her sly
She senses you're near her and smells your desire
The general rule of mine : her intellect will be higher
Your task is to make her notice you fast but hanker when you don't close in after
She knows she can get most dudes but she musn't know about you
If you screw this all up and then lose all your cool that's when she ends up liking you as a friend
You're not playing at hard to get
You're playing at not getting a hard-on yet
It's a war of the sexes never get it blud
I beg that you learn 'cos she's clever
How attracted to you she is is partly your gab
But it's multiplied by how little of you she can have
The answer is to get close enough to her but listen the next thing you just totally blank her
You think I'm fuckin' mad don't ya but I don't shag on my own
Get somewhere close to the lamb but then glance and turn to the man
You need to get near to the lamb but she doesn't want to feel cramped
Instead of cowering up to the hostile lamb bowl up to the trusting man
It's much easier talking to him, he doesn't suspect you want anything
(just tell him something like..)
Did you know cigarette lighters were invented before matches?
It's abc making a he break with glee
'Cos he isn't suspicious you're trying to muscle into his missus
Do you know what I'm talking about that's why I'm talking about
It's a war of the sexes never get it blud
I beg that you learn 'cos she's clever
How attracted to you she is is partly your gab
But it's multiplied by how little of you she can have
The woman is a highly socially-practiced master in body language, dab-handed actress
She's calculating all the mad facts and the figures while you're pretending to listen staring at her tits
It's a war of the sexes never get it blud
I beg that you learn 'cos she's clever
How attracted to you she is is partly your gab
But it's multiplied by how little of you she can have
It's a war of the sexes never get it blud
I beg that you learn 'cos she's clever
How attracted to you she is is partly your gab
But it's multiplied by how little of you she can have
Elementary, my dear cousin (elementary)
I cannot state this enough
She must not clock your flop
You can't placard your march
Your threws seclude your moves
Or you're colluding well weapon
It's a war of the sexes never get it blud
I beg that you learn 'cos she's clever
How attracted to you she is is partly your gab
But it's multiplied by how little of you she can have
'Cos people who get hammered don't get to nail
It's who dares wins in the city
Sit pretty
Locked on not Tripoli
Get dressed for the party
As I spit simile after simile
Got the latest Nikes on my feet
The streets merely reflect this bass line and beat
Lock on to 102.6 the streets
Kronenburg double doves and herbs actions speak louder than words
Get fucked up sat on the curb
Street geezers
Accept me as your own
Let me make myself at home
I just ain't a clone
Still got the monsta boy ring tone though
Raised as a northern star
With a London underground travel card.
'Cause this world swallows souls
It gets cold silence burns holes
You're going mad
Perhaps you always were
But when things was good you just didn't care
This is called irony
When you most need to get up you got no energy
Time and time shit'll happen
The dark shit's unwrapping
But no-one's listening your mates are laughing
Your brethren's fucking and then you start hating
Your stomach starts churning and you mind starts turning.
So smoke another draw
It won't matter no more but the next day still feels sore
Rain taps on your window
Always did tho but you didn't hear it when things were so-so
You're on your own now
Your little zone you were born alone and believe me you'll die alone
Weed becomes a chore
You want the buzz back so you follow the others onto smack
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Feels nice and still
Good thing about brown is it always will
It's easy, no-one blames you
It's that world out there that's fucked you
You know less of a person and if God exists
He still loves you
Just remember that - the more you sink the further back from that brink
Maybe you've lifetime scars and you think tattoos might be more fitting
But who's picking?
Searching for yourself you find demons
Try and be a freeman and grasp that talisman
'Cause your the same as I am
We all need our fellow man
We all need our Samaritan.
Maybe I'm better looking than you tho
Maybe I've got more dough - but am I happier... no.
Get the love of a good girl and your world will be much richer than my world
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Stop dreaming
People who say that are blaspheming
They're doing nine to five and moaning
They too dreamt about their day
Positive steps will see your goals.
Whether it's dollars or control, feel the gold.
I ain't helping you climb the ladder
I'm busy climbing mine.
That's how it's been since the dawn of time
If you reach a cul-de-sac
The world turns it's back
This is you zone, it's like blackjack
He might get the ace or the top one
So organize your two's and three's into a run then you'll have fucked him son
One last thing before you go though
When you feel better tomorrow you'll be a hero
But never forget today. you could be back here
Things can stray
What if you see me in that window?
You won't help me I know.
That's cool, just keep walking where you go.
Carry on through the estate, stare at the geezers so they know you ain't lightweight
Play them this tape
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
I hope you understand me
Just trying to stay positive
I ain't no preaching fucker and I ain't no do-goody-goody either
This is about when shit goes pear-shaped
But remember that one day shit might just start crumbling
Your bird might fuck off or you might loose your job
It's when that happens that what I'm talking about will feel much more important to you
So if you ain't feeling it, just be thankful that everything's cool in your world
Respect to BC
Positivity
Positivity
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
Just trying to stay positive
I'm about to do something crazy, you'll regret this, I swear
This one time I really needed you to head over mine where
I was throwing up all morning, it was all in my hair
Then because I was so dizzy I almost fell down the stairs
Like you always do, you know, you just don't fucking care
Go, get out of my house, please
Actually give me back my keys, but
I'll be proper angry, if
You're not back later on your knees
Look
Come on, calm down, it wasn't all totally like that
You're over-reacting just a bit, maybe we can sit down and chat
It's just, you know, I had stuff to do, you know, this and that
Maybe it wasn't so important as you being in the sack
But I had to sort out my pills man; I needed to stock up my stash
I couldn't do it any other day, I had to do it then, quick snap
You don't care about my broken TV
I sit on my sofa all day smoking weed
I never phoned that bloke from the TV company
So please don't be like this, please, please, please
Actually now I think about it, what am I guilty about?
I felt like I was in the wrong, I felt like I was the lout
Oy, this is what happened last Saturday now, I think I remember now
You were ill last Saturday and two weeks before that little bout
You know I need that medication for my epilepsy now
Or I run the risk of having a fit, you know I can't go without
So when you being in bed is because last night you got pissed
It's you that's being selfish, it's you that don't give a shit
I'm gone, I'll get out your house, then
I'll never, be back again, but
I'll still be 'ceiving when, you
Text me to make up and be friends
[ad libs to end]
We line the streets like soldiers daily
To let them know that we ain't fading
This is a beat, you can see it in my eyes
It's gonna stay like this
it's gonna stay like this
We line the streets like soldiers daily
To let them know that we ain't fading
This is a beat, you can see it in my eyes
Its gonna stay like this until they realize
Eighty thousand people in a state of rowdy fever
There will never be a sequel to this evening
Singing in the rafters, in the wings and over galleys
From the wings and over galleys 'til I'm in a lonely alley
If a feeling from my childhood comes to me then i will rally
With all the cloves and all the rose tinted rows that go and sully
Soak up that moment, woe is the finale
Lonely, I am sinking in and over thinking it
Looking at the goal, only slowly it is shrinking
Hesitate, hesitate, hesitate, wait
Any day, any day
(Too late)
The cheapest throwaway shades are my deepest stowaway aid
I'm up with the angels but keep a toe in the trade
Known these folks since I was little, but only through this ritual
It's a pity they don't know me but what is there else than this?
Sweeping and sweeping, the speaking unceasing
From steeple to steeple, the people are shrieking
Soon we parade through the fence, absolutely Dame Judy Dench'd
I don't think I like this, I'm only ever nervous
I'm a fighter, I'm a fighter but tonight I'd like to flight
Hesitate, hesitate, hesitate, wait
Any day, any day
(Too late)
The past isn't over, last minute grow
Ask me to show you, ask me to go
Or stab me in the throat
Hesitate, hesitate, hesitate, wait
Any day, any day
(Too late)
From the point he gazed from the choice was made, but 'walk the cave or the shore?'
The oily cave seemed to breathe on him through gravestone jaws
His little hand grasped in anguish as he weighed up his coin
Somewhere a blue-eyed girl in the world is just waiting for a boy
Footprints trailed as if trod by slaves up to the grey cave floor
But not one graze from anything ever escaping this fort
So with coin on hand his joy came back when ordered to take the shore
'Why on earth', as he wandered the warmth, 'am I obeying this coin?'
Turn your life on the flip of this coin
Turn upside a choice you'd normally avoid
Whatever it says
Again, walk within the trusted beach or swim the swell of the sea?
He'd never learnt to skill of swimming - it never occurred to be very easy
'How is this sane?' he blamed the coin now aiming for the waves
As he hesitated at the swirl of water as it raged and rained
Blue-eyed girls were waiting and he was drowning in the spray
Blue-eyed girls he should have been acquainted with but for shouting and flailing
Turn your life on the flip of this coin
Turn upside a choice you'd normally avoid
Whatever it says
He finally slugs it back to land feeling chewed-up and foolish
Empties his pockets on the sand spewing a pool each
Staggers back to his dad who's too cool to be
So he says 'why did you have me follow this stupid rule, please?'
To be honest little fellow I'll tell you
I was just as afraid as you
But you said you wanted to get with people and places ever new
So I invented a reason to see if you could ever make do
As soon as you appeared behind that rock looking angry at me
I soon realized what a hell of a man you've ended up being
I knew you'd worked out how to swim, which I hadn't had in me
Turn your life on the flip of this coin
Turn upside a choice you'd normally avoid
Whatever it says
Two nations divided
By a common language
But the difference is language
'Cause we were the ones who invented the language
Sorry, oi, that's just my idea of a joke
But you guys are different to us across the pond folk
In New York when I have to buy fags on the road, oi
Biggy man, god bless America and that
But you lot keep killing all your best talent
We build up our stars and then papers sweep on them
I don't know much about nines and max
But we still got two dues we're inclined to pay
It was no shock to me when we flew to the door
At the Nars gig where the mans were shooting in a war
Since it got reported in the latest news story
That London is now more dangerous than New york
Two nations divided
By a common language
But the difference is language
'Cause we were the ones who invented the language, oi
Understated is how we prefer to be
That's why I've sold three millions and you've never heard of me
The paparazzi shoot me the the girls all loose on me
But don't shoot hiders, we fight football rivalry
The work wac means to cum back home
I was in front of the bloke shooting at the Nars show
But they weren't shooting at him it was honor that night though
We don't shoot idols happily shoot instead
Up my road the police just thought are you dead
'Cause they guessed he might of been a bit of a terrorister
Does this bomb look big in this bag then but we love Biggy, Johnny Cash and Stevie Wonder
It's no Biggy we got no cash and its no wonder
'Cause I'm proud we gave you people like John Lennon
Even though you shot him as well
Two nations divided
By a common language
But the difference is language
'Cause we were the ones who invented the language
Yeah safe man, you okay? Just calling to ensure you got back in
Hope you coped yesterday 'coz I felt well damn grim
But yeah in the air on the plane my stomach was turning
Man I was hanging head-to-stead on the headrest in pain
Prayin' away all my bad sins
Lost count of the plain Chardonnays before the fourth or maybe the fifth
In future I need to abstain, if only I'd had a bit of discipline
But worth every bit of spare change, pure clowning down to the last drink
Hang on let me slam the door, mate
Just pause that thought for a bit
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that?
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
I've been pacing the place
Well paralyzed since I got back in with my bags though
Yeah I'm too aware that last night was way mad slack, I know
Carried in a gang I lost sight of Simone on her own, back at home
Distracted from the fact it weren't right
Could have raised up the hand but no
Simone was moaning and
That about me playing away on this holiday
She was watching the box at her Dad's house
There preparing spliffs away
As I'm smacking glasses down at George
Best, best session rate
Can you hear me? Na sorry mate
You're fuzzy mate, I can't hear you
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
So, I lost you for a minute, yeah, yeah I can hear you now
See I mean that the true thing though I suppose I chose myself to allow
I was weak and stupid but as far as I viewed anyhow
She couldn't have been it for me the only girl I'd ever go out with
I didn't want to waste my youth in a girl's house to the sound of spliffs
I just switched off the phone when she started shouting
Coming to a conclusion I couldn't be bothered with anymore rowing
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
(Nah nah nah)
What I can remember is a blotch, I got a fat bruise on my arm
She weren't even much too hot but she totally mugged me up like rah
She knew exactly what she was doing and it all went a bit too far
She was with that bloke in the white top in Mcdonalds' car park
Hello? Ahh fucking phones, man!
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
Yeah I think we got cut off, yeah I got crap reception in my house
I have to stand in a certain spot in my kitchen or it cuts out
Yeah you know I was potty to even let myself allow it
I would if I could just swap what happened then for right now
This whole thing just got on top but it's her that I want, no doubt
So in a way its helped me doing wrong, I know I've fucked up now
This is where that dodgy shit stops, she's just gotta not find out
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
Turn left up the street
Nothing but gray concrete and deadbeats
Grab something to eat, Mickey D's or KFC
Only one choice in the city, don't voice in my pity
Now let's get to the nitty gritty
June reminds me of my first ditty played unique
Still 16 and feeling horny
Point the sky and feel free
See, people are all equal
Smiles are front and behind me
Swim in the deep blue sea corn fields sway lazily
All smiles all easy
Where ya from, what ya on and what's ya story?
Mezmorizing tones rising pianos, this is my zone so stop cloning
Pick paper scissors or stone 'cause me and you are the same
I known you all my life I don't know your name
(The name's European Bob Sordid, anyway)
We'll have a dance now see ya later
Pleased to meet ya - likewise, a pleasure
We all smile
We all sing
The night slowly fades and goes slow motion
All the commotion becomes floating emotions
Same piano loops over, arms wave eyes roll back
Enchanted is blocking the toilets
Dizzy new heights blinded by the lights
These people are for life
So, back to his place at the end of the night
Yo, they could settle wars with this
If only they will, imagine the world's leaders on pills
Don't talk to me I don't know ya, but this ain't tomorrow
For now I still love ya, hours fly over
Sail around diamonds and pearls
Never seen so many thick girls
Discover new worlds, look at my watch can't focus
Last two hours are lost every move fills me with lust
All of Life's problems I just shake off
Yo, mad little events happen
Things might pan out in a few blue
Maddens are like the toilets
Big beefy bouncers out to reveal us
Geezers aren't easy first timers
Kids on wiz darlings on Charlie
All come together for this party
All races many faces from places you never heard of
Where ya from, what's ya name and what ya want?
Sing to the words fecks to the fat ones
The tribal drums the sun's rising
We all smile
We all sing
Then the girl in the cafe taps me on the shoulder
I realize five years went by and I'm older
Memories smolder, winter's colder
But that same piano loops over and over and over
The road shines and the rain washes away
Same Chinese take-away selling shit in a tray
Stalk all around I walk down same sights same sounds
New beats, though, solid concrete under my feet
No surprises no treats
The world stands still as my mind slushes around
The washer nut bolt in my crown
The life's been up and down since I walked from that crowd
We all smile
We all sing
Out of respect for Johnnie Walker, Paul Oakenfold, Nicky Holloway
Danny Rampling and all the people who gave us these times
With regards to the criminal justice bill
For all the heroes out and on the way
We all sing
Original pirate material
Yer listening to the streets
Lock down your aerial
Make yerself at home
We got diesel or some of that homegrown
Sit back in yer throne, turn off yer phone
'Cause this is our zone
Videos, televisions, 64's PlayStations
We're paring with precision
Few herbs and a bit of Benson
But don't forger the Rizla
Lean like the tower of Pisa
Liza, I'll raise yer
For this ain't a club track
Pull out yer sack and sit back
Whether you white or black
Smoke weed, chase brown
Or toot rock
We're on a mission, support the cause
Sign a petition, summon all your wisdom
The music's a gift from the man on high
The lord and his children
Triple teen year rudeboys
Come rain or snow the boodah flows
You don't know?
Stand on the corner watch the show
'Cause life moves slow
Sort yer shit out then roll
Sex, drugs 'n' on the dole
Some men rise, some men fall
I hear ya call, stand tall now
Has it come to this?
Original pirate material
Your listening to the streets
Lock down your aerial
I'm just spitting, think I'm ghetto?
Stop dreaming, my data's streaming
I'm giving your bird them feelings
Touch yer toes and touch the ceiling
We walk the tightrope of street cred
Keep my dogs fed, all jungle all garage heads
Gold teeth, Valentinos and dreads
Now, we were verbally slapped up
Physically tip-top, spinally ripped up
I do the science on my laptop, get my boys mashed up
Your listening to the streets
You'll bear witness to some amazing feats
Bravery in the face of defeat
All line up and grab yer seat
'Cause Tony's got a new motor
Sr nova driving like a joyrider
Speeding to the corner
Yer mother warned yer to sound system banger
Has it come to this?
Original pirate material
Your listening to the streets
Lock down your aerial
My underground train runs from mile end to Ealing
From Briton to Boundsgreen
My spitting's dirty my beats are clean
So smoke weed and be lean
I step out my yard through the streets
In the dead heat all I got's my spirit and my beats
I play fair don't cheat
Turn the page, don't rip it out at yer age
Move to the next stage
Lock the rage inside the cage
Like sk it's new day
But don't take the shortcut through the subway
It's pay or play, these geezers walk the gangway
Deep seated urban decay, deep seated urban decay
Rip down posters alight
From last weeks big garage night
I cook em at ninety degrees Fahrenheit
I got em in my sites, blinding with the lights
Taken to dizzy new heights
Blinding with the lights, blinding with the lights
Dizzy new heights
Has it come to this?
Original pirate material
Your listening to the streets
Lock down your aerial.
Wake up and smell the coffee
Stirring a word the conversation absurd
Like the herbs of work their patiences and concurred
Wake up and smell the coffee
Light up and dwell the offerings
Drink with a thinking pinch
Sit with a kitchen sink
The world is outside but inside warm
Inside informal outside stormy inside normal
Back to the time skip it on it's bullocks
Rome to the oven turn it off it's on
Skin a racket fag I'm gone
What are we waiting for mate
Let's wait to the place
Cause it's all a bit late
Weed makes me not want to be in new places fight it!
Stare at the same tv watching the torrent like it
The world is outside but inside warm
Inside informal outside stormy inside normal
The fossil-ed remains of locked of ancient ways
Are buried or lost in every of my mates brains
But I can't find it because they like blazing
Solving that problem brings priests and doctors and poets maybe
I'm not over shocked blotto or of my rock place
I got their at lunchtime
I was still their at 8
Next they were turning chairs onto the table at my place
Psychedelic cycle get it?
Ride all wet
Arrive a bit sketch
But I like bedding
The world is outside but inside warm
Inside informal outside stormy inside normal
The world is outside but inside warm
Inside informal outside stormy inside normal
The fossil-ed remains of locked of ancient ways
Are buried or lost in every of my mates brains
But I can't find it because I like blazing!
Solving that problem can be quite amazing
The world is outside but inside warm
Inside informal outside stormy inside normal
There's those that don't know
Those that don't know that they don't know
There's those that don't know
Those that don't know that they don't know
From the north to the south, from the east and west
London town is busy at best
With the kicks to the chest and the dips and the crests
(Fall asleep)
Fall asleep past your stop, creeping
Past 11 o clock in the morning, no dawn's ever boring
Sometimes I lie in the bath 'til it's cold
Nothing but a laugh to the front in the back of my soul
I wanna live forever, give my best guess
'Cause that's the best you'll get is a guess, but no less
Smoke in the chest, hold it in, 'til it's in your skin
Inhale this hardly smoke, that's a hardy toke
Flip flops and your shorts or the big dogs on the porch
'Til the night on the scorch, I light like a torch
There's those that don't know
Those that don't know that they don't know
There's those that don't know
(Two stoned)
Those that don't know that they don't know
Hunky dory all evening, at a 140bpm
'Til it's done sort of in the a.m. or you've done talkin' or it's mayhem
At the cornucopia, doped up, the local shops a mere toe-tap
Vocal in focus on the buying your papers and fire drill
Memories of a long lost eon
Millions of stars out there, which one might you be on?
It's like Jupiter's moon in this room get the heat on
I need a stencil to follow my pencil, pensive and sensing
Smoke in your chest, hold it in 'til it's in your skin
Inhale this hardly smoke, that's a hardy toke
There's those that don't know
Those that don't know that they don't know
There's those that don't know
Those that don't know that they don't know
You know me, I always detest the dawn
The grass always looks like it was left on the lawn
You talk around events and from side of your sight
The Benson burns, it reflects in your eyes
There's those that don't know
Those that don't know that they don't know
There's those that don't know
Those that don't know that they don't know
I used to keep a little distance, once bitten, twice shy
I paid the price for pleasure, to hear some young girl sigh
I thought I got what i needed and then you came along
I couldn't take it, I couldn't fake it, when you proved that I was wrong
(chorus)
If love should go, I want to be the last to know
Don't say no, I'll believe a lie
If love should go, I want to be the last to know
I don't want to hear it, I don't want to cry
Please let me get closer and fire up the second stage
Cause when you touch me i feel like lion breaking down it's cage
Thought I was all that you needed, I thought everything was fine
Now I'm insisting, you keep resisting, is somebody on the line?
(chorus)
I don't want to know the circumstances
(chorus)
(chorus)
I sleep with one eye open
sometimes i might close em
but if immediate action is required i'm fucking loaded!
i know my exit strategies
within radio contact
but once i'm on point and the radio contacts are noisey we go dark
coz life moves pretty slow
if you don't even show up for the show you might never know!
i'll go out without a blink
out without a blink
i'll go downtown without thinking
i'll go out without a blink
out without a blink
i'll go downtown without thinking
all the people in the place
all the people in the place
Any hesitation
anything tying you to the bed where you sleep - you're dead on your feet!
there's nothing on my person but money & a shirt
in case any unexpected fun shit should occur
where i have to think on my feet
hand to hans solo!
or tab it back home
coz life moves pretty slow
if you don't even show up for the show you might never know!
i'll go out without a blink
out without a blink
i'll go downtown without thinking
i'll go out without a blink
out without a blink
i'll go downtown without thinking
all the people in the place
all the people in the place
take time in any new environment to relax
but if fenced in advance the best defence is attack!
piss poor planning proceeds any proper party
where you don't know your out-outs until you're shouting
don't hang back like a bore
backs packed by the door
rags in a black backpack and a dashed in passport
coz life moves pretty slow
if you don't even show up for the show you might never know!
i'll go out without a blink
out without a blink
i'll go downtown without thinking
i'll go out without a blink
out without a blink
i'll go downtown without thinking
all the people in the place
all the people in the place
coz life moves pretty slow
if you don't even show up for the show you might never know!
i'll go out without a blink
out without a blink
i'll go downtown without thinking
i'll go out without a blink
out without a blink
i'll go downtown without thinking
all the people in the place
all the people in the place
That's it, turn the page on the day, walk away
'Cause there's sense in what I say
I'm forty-fifth generation Roman
But I don't know 'em or care when I'm spitting
So return to your sitting position and listen
It's fitting, I'm miles ahead and they chase me
Show your face on TV then we'll see, you can't do half
My crew laughs at your rhubarb-and-custard verses
You rain down curses but I'm waving your hearses driving by
Streets riding high with the beats in the sky
All stare, eyes glazed, garage burnt down
The fire raged for forty days and in forty ways
But through the blaze they see it fade
The sea of black, the beaming heat on their faces
Then a figure emerges from the wastage
Eyes transfixed with a piercing gaze
One hand clutching his sword raised to the sky
They wonder how, they wonder why
The sky turns white, it all becomes clear
They felt lifted from their fears
They shed tears, in the light after six dark years
Young bold soldiers, the fire burns, crackles and smolders
Five years older and wiser
The fires are burning, on fire, never tire
Slay warriors in the forests, and on higher we sing
Hear the strings rising, the war's over, the bells ring
Memories fading, soldiers slaying, looks like geezers raving
The hazy fog over the bullring, the lazy ways the birds sing
A new baby's born everyday, few men may be scorned today
But look at things the other way cause it may well be your final day
I produced this using only my bare wit
Give me a jungle, a garage beat, and admit defeat
Use war and past injuries, my metaphor is simile
Get all applications in to me before the deadline
'Cause it's a fine line between strife full time and a life of crime
But you will reach the day
I shake and reveal stage tricks like Jimi Hendrix
In the afterlife gladiators meet their maker
Float through the wheat fields and lakes of blue water
To the next life from the fortress
Away from the knives and slaughter, to their wives and daughters
Once more before the Lord judges over all of us
It's in the is place you'll see me
Brace yourself cause this goes deep
I'll show you the secrets to sky and the birds
Actions speak louder than words
Stand by me, my apprentice
Be brave, clench fists
I get back from touring
Suddenly it doesn't seem like much fun to be off my face
At a quarter to eleven am
You're prangin' out
I see through you
I feel awful
This voice's talkin' to me
This ain't funny
?? my house for four fucking weeks
I see through you
I'm about to do something stupid
I dare say why my manager got lary and smacked me
These headaches are gettin' unbearably nasty
Staring at the crackwork, lookin' scary with me brandy
The rock 'n roll cliche walked in and then smacked me
Carelessly rackin' out prangs just to handle the fear
I do a line but then panic and feel a bit prang'd
So I glug Marlon from the bottle to ease of the panic
Then when it starts wearing off, I just feel a bit sad
Snort more tour support, and then have a drink
The bruise on the side of my head is madly banging
The only reason I started this was the deal me a laughin'
The only reason I started this was the deal me a laughin'
You're prangin' out
I see through you
These voices talkin' to me
This ain't funny
I see through you
I'm about to do something stupid
The girl in my bed is kinda distant right now
I know shes thinkin' shes a bit frightened somehow
I don't think she realized what I'd invited her back to my house
I don't want anyone to see me like this right now
I sorts thoughts rollin' back in my eyes
I've been a poor sports thoughts dance in my mind
A banging headache dancin' prang'd by their side
Dancin' with the pictures from the past of my life
I don't remember any of what I just thought at all
The conclusion prior to when I forgot it all
Panicing a bit, gettin' frightened 'n fuck all
So nursing my bruise I drink right from the bottle
I don't want anyone I know to see my like this
My fibs and single became lies and lists
She's gonna sell-tell no doubt fuck it
I'm not going to start drinkin', no, I can't for now
You're prangin' out
I see through you
These voices talkin' to me
This ain't funny
I see through you
I'm about to do something stupid
My laptop must have slipped down and gone to sleep
Before the prangers pain must've dawned on me
Stupid idiot!
Around the time I was skethchin' tryin' to con some sleep
I must have flaked while I puttied
Way to loads more
'Cuz I'd staked on bookings
Waited to tell the score
Why do I break my rules not to wager any more
I flaked on the bookings and majorly totaled on the score
I've got a simple problem
But my minds spinning out
I remembered the website between the wine and the stout
The rush of fear made me forget how fucked I'd been
This time I'm drying my eyes and a fuckin' nose bleed
Turnin' the phone off when my promo bloke phones me
Evaded for it got nasty when my manager when he only beat me
I threw his wallet out the window as it had grown heated
He said 'sort your life out' as he punched me onto my feet
You're prangin' out
I see through you
These voices talkin' to me
This ain't funny
I see through you
I'm about to do something stupid
You're prangin' out
I see through you
These voices talkin' to me
This ain't funny
I see through you
I'm about to do something stupid
Right now logic states I need to be not contemplating suicide
'Cause rational thought it would seem that I need not to be doing stuff
That makes death seem like an easier option
I need a totally Trojan plan right now
I see through you
Some people live their lives by a little red book
The points for right lying out and guides them good
They never really mimic every word by eye
'Cuz if they did they'd be in a whole world of strife
The book's quite old school, but then it was tough
It contains some quite experimental justice
The thinking people are thinking that without this book
That without these verses we'd pillage and murder but
Following this red book word for word
Leads you to actually pillage and murder
Could it be so what we think to be right
Is simply the opinion that survived?
Do what you think's right, and you will feel alright
'Cuz when you're bad you will feel sad
That's the religion I live by
There's a bloke in the book who made everything
He knows every individual and every trick in them
Way above emotion, never getting stressed
But when men choose against him, gets jealous
People fight for him in crippling wars
But since he has the power of infinite awe
We're merely itching on futilities floor
Should we really be needing to assist him at all?
If he loves us all, knowing all we think
Should he only like people with faith in him?
Given I can't control what I truly believe
Can I be forgiven for only believing who I see?
Do what you think's right, and you will feel alright
'Cuz when you're bad you will feel sad
That's the religion I live by
Do what you think's right, and you will feel alright
'Cuz when you're bad you will feel sad
That's the religion I live by
Could it be time to avoid this bush?
So we wouldn't be blind when joining up
Could we see both sides of the coin for the good?
Breed less strife on our voyage for good?
Getting threatened by men with questions
We'll never get anywhere rejecting evidence
Could we test everything instead of betting
On alleged legends?
If we teach that it's right to blindly believe
If we reach to the sky to define our meaning
Well I agree what's right will keep driving people to fight with people
Do what you think's right, and you will feel alright
'Cuz when you're bad you will feel sad
That's the religion I live by
Ah, what was the question
Oh yeah, momento mori
It means remember it's inevitable that we will all die
It sounds quite depressing when said so raw and direct
But it means don't hang yourself on a material life
But that gets dropped when I'm bop on shopping day
Am I shallow, am I hung up on such wrong ways
Yes I am shallow and loving every wrong play
If love is blind then why do we all buy lingerie
I've got nothing in my life away from the studio
So when I'm loose I end up consuming dough
Memento mori, memento mori
It's latin and it says we must all die
I tried it for a while but it's a load of boring shit
So I buy buy buy buy buy buy
If I start to think of life I have prangs of paranoia
Pull one stripey shirt off a racks or another
Over think my fate grasping a pastel jumper
Panic buy a flight home, prang though actually sober
Change my mind and fly back into Vegas
Buy more pastel shades and some famous labels
Frame the Ferrari through the day with the mayhem
Just to forget about the race in my head
I don't really care about the luck and the look
But driving a Ferrari is fucking book
Memento mori, memento mori
It's latin and it says we must all die
I tried it for a while but it's a load of boring shit
So I buy buy buy buy buy buy
I think if I could see me now from my growing past
I'd Hate the shirted cunt that seems to be so fucking flash
I reckon from the threads I think all I think's about cash
But my manager tells me I ought to think about cash
It's like people don't know the eighties started
My car just keeps carding with the card machine
You don't regard the old you, driving a Ferrari
Mine's the driving license through Nevada at speed
I never think about money
In fact I have no idea how much money I have
Memento mori, memento mori
It's latin and it says we must all die
I tried it for a while but it's a load of boring shit
So I buy buy buy buy buy buy
Chilly 'n Carmen air sips as I'm parting her hair
But I'm an asbo drinker I want to be chilly parkair
But asbo drinkers just don't dig my art and my flair
Even if they dig my asbo driving, past their carlight flair
Sometimes when I my diamond trinkets with my whores
I know I've strayed a bit from my old sins and my walks
But then I laugh out loud that my car still fucking talks
I feel awful for a bit but at least I'm not poor
Excuse me girl
I know its a bit embarrassing
But I just noticed some tan lines..
On your shirt!
See I reckon you're about an eight or a nine
Maybe even nine and a half in four beers time
That blue top shop top you've got on is nice
Bit too much fake tan though - but yeah you score high
But there's just one little thing that really really
Really really annoying me about you you see
Yeah yeah like I said you are really fit
But my gosh don't you just know it
I'm not trying to pull you
Even though I would like to
I think you are really fit
You're fit but my gosh don't you know it
So when I looked at you standing there with your hoard
I was waiting in the que looking at the board
Wondering whether to have a Burger or chips
Or what the shrapnel in my back pocket could afford
When I noticed out the corner of my eye
Looking toward my direction
Your eyes locked onto my course
I couldn't concentrate on what I wanted to order
Which cost me my place in the queue I waited for yeah
Whoa! Leave it out
Are you smoking something?
Leave it out
Mike just leave it just leave it
We cannot have that behavior in this establishment
S'not worth it mike, just leave it
Don't touch me, s'not worth it
Don't touch me, D, look 'm alright don't touch me
For a while there I was thinkin' - yeah but what if?
Picturin' myself pullin' with bare white hot wit
Snarin' you as you were standing there opposite
Whether or not you knew it I swear you didn't tick
Was clockin' onto you too yeah I had to admit
That yeah yeah you are fit
But I stop sharkin' for a minute to get chips and drinks
Oy, just as you started to make your big advance
With the milkshake and that little doughnut in hand
I was like nah, I can't, even though you look grand
But you look sharp there smilin' hard suggesting and
Gleaming away with your hearty hearty lookin' tan
But I admit the next bit was spanner to my plan
You walked towards my path but just brushed right past
Oh what do I give .. I've got a girlfriend anyway
(whoa, we've all had a drink mate)
We're all a bit drunk, yeah we've had a few fair play
I got this Stella I bombed from that last cafe
This nights not even begun, yes yes oh yay
I did fancy you a bit though yeah I must say
I would rather I hadn't mugged myself on display
But this is just another case of female stopping play
On otherwise a total result of a holiday
I need something in my life to straighten me out
Let's rent this shed, we'll do vocals in the bog
Call toast PR tell 'em we've opened up shop
Campaign meetings at Warner, no coke and not drunk
Three years to make this work, or look a joke and be broke
Blag their lawyers like the con with a dog
Settle my gross addictions with my net and come, tell my mum over tea that my whole life's fucking up
We've got two hundred and fifty grand in the budget to go, subtract five for club promo.
Lose five for a good video and fifteen for a dud video - fuck that
It's the hardest way to make an easy living
The party stage is a bit nearer to delivery
Mayhem texts me about the press and TV
See if I've taken any Es
So I can get some sleep
Nap on the settee, the laptop next to me
Wince for my family at the skinner scandal of the week
TV pluggers, product managers straight up
Club promo needs to step up, help it work
Stick to our guns, don't crack to demands
Tell my mum in the car, that the car might have to go back
Two hundred and twenty five grand, twenty six grand for a showcase and, five more on tour support and support story
Chorus
We'll never get bankrupt if we never have a go
This is no ordinary label, I need to flash up my flow
Go into Morris Stead as well as Saville Row
I want a pin-stripe suit that no man owns
Cash in the Kano beat for the silver shadow
Send it to warrior for the flash and the glow
The safest way to double your money is to fold it in your pocket
Tell my mum during breakfast that I got no sleep
Eight grand payed in September, April, may and December
If this keeps going so well, this is going to be the end of us
Chorus
In spread betting it's easy to draw a small fortune start with a big fortune and lose into a small fortune
Haven't got a clue, we blindly charge on
Death threats from a boy of the girl I sarged on
She said she didn't have a bloke, another lesson marked down
Verbal agreements aren't worth the paper they're marked on
Get scans of reviews, we beg to chart up
Tell mum over tea, the press have started up
We've spent a fortune, 'cause with ghost buying it's the end for tune
We need to sell some records soon
We haven't even started and it's almost the end
We never talked it over, in fact we never said anything
Two of the same kind of sorts hiding thoughts
As the small talk ebbs away the silence is awkward
You hardly even know me and I'm starting to show that
I hardly even know you but I like what I know
I want to talk about it but I quake in my skin
It'll only push you further into making decisions
You want to like me but you were likely undecided
The voice inside me's always right which is why the awkward silence
Not gonna risk losing you
Which is why I'm never gonna woo you
I think I love you more than you like me
Although I'm never surer maybe I should want to be blind
I think I love you more than you like me
Because this is even crossing my mind
Any other day and you'd have not looked twice
The joking went along with my roll of the dice
Purely by chance I happened on feeling
Really confident around the place and people
You caught a no-hitter hitting winning strokes
I never am a winner, I'm a lonely bloke
Acting exciting like a man for a while
Until you realized I can act like a child
Eternal optimism is spurring me onto think that acting on yearnings like this
Might lead me to learn a secret
But I don't really know
Or why I think so
It's just a good hunch, hunches are always right though
I think I love you more than you like me
Although I'm never surer maybe I should want to be blind
I think I love you more than you like me
Because this is even crossing my mind
I drew a drawing of you after last time I saw you
I never felt to draw a picture like that before
I learnt a lot about myself drawing all morning
It was absolutely shit, I'm awful at drawing
I think I love you more than you like me
Although I'm never surer maybe I should want to be blind
I think I love you more than you like me
Because this is even crossing my mind
I think I love you more than you like me
Although I'm never surer maybe I should want to be blind
I think I love you more than you like me
Because this is even crossing my mind
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I don't mean to sound so keen but you know me and I don't feel
To spoil what we've got, enjoying watching dots
Touring out lines, fully boring good time
Through the scent of flowers and the humility of love
The evening is now set up for a thorough dreaming of
The gentle guests and games with a sense of sex and said
Every sentiment lending metaphors for bed
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I'll soon lie to you tonight about the true signs who flew in my mind
I'll keep my arms with me from wrapping right round you
Till what we spark of a thought that could drown you
Does she do or does she don't love me true or fucking won't?
The only time I know of love is when silence is violent
Optimism fizzing in the clonk in dizzy imagery
Rocking hot humidity, but this is sizzling
Stumble over innuendo
Does she notice, does she fuck know?
Starting the evening riffling through feelings
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I don't mean to sound so keen but you know me and I don't feel
To spoil what we've got, enjoying watching dots
Touring out lines, fully boring good time
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I'll never give in till you're laying with me
You may as well tell me when that day will be
I'm really okay, thanks
There's nothing to witness
I said as I looked back from the edge of a cliff
The old man looking down bent over the ridge
Struck with a grin as if a blessing had hit him
I slumped on the jut of the cliff
Just leave me alone, this is none of your business
I will, said the old man, but just one thing
He said: I lay right there once at the edge of the rock
I was ready to jump, I was ever so lost
But this gentleman stopped and said something I never forgot
[Chorus:]
For billions of years since the outset of time
Every single one of your ancestors has survived
Every single person on your mum and dad's side
Successfully looked after and passed on to you life
What are the chances of that, like?
It comes to me once in a while
Til the sound of him hiking turned to the sound of silence.
I just froze in a profound surprise
Laying in the moss, in the same way I was
Would be another man looking like he needed a change of luck
So I'd say: I lay right there once at the edge of the rock
I was ready to jump, I was ever so lost
But this gentleman stopped and said something I never forgot
[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
Geezers need excitement
If there lives don't provide them they stay incite violence
Common sense, simple common sense
Geezers need excitement
If there lives don't provide them they stay incite violence
Common sense, simple common sense
Out the club about three to the takeaway
The shit in a trey merchants
Shops got special penchant for the disorderly
Geezers looking ordinary and a few looking Larry
Chips fly round to the sound of a ladies chantry and ascendry
Waitin' to blast, no arm with a contest who can throw the furthest
Behind the counter they look nervous
But...carry on cuttin' the finest cuts of chicken from the big spinnin' stick
Then over flies a chick, flips, snips you on the back
You spin round on the attack, you play now
He looks like a Cheshire cat, almost falls down, door frowns
By now you want to level this twat
So mashes add up and your girl's now fed up
Stop to think its never going to be
The Jackie Chan scene it coulda been to end up
Geezers need excitement
If there lives don't provide them they stay incite violence
Common sense, simple common sense
Geezers need excitement
If there lives don't provide them they stay incite violence
Common sense, simple common sense
So you owe someone money subbin' skunny
Best pay me Billy, no worries
A hundred and fifty on Sunday then in some way that turns into Wednesday
Then go straight to pay on a hazy evening in a local bar cafe
What a way
What a way
Just to recap for those in the back this is everyday tit for tat
You O you D your own car pay back fee suddenly he's the buddy
So you tell your mates you could have him anyway to look geez
But ease a shady fuck, beam a free series
Lock, stock and two fat fuck backin' him up
Can't convey enough of his desire for the paper stuff
In a blunt fashion Billy's angry with a passion
So please just accept the fact it ain't happenin' and go back to your runnin's
'Cause you might get yourself in trouble one a these days
Geezers need excitement
If there lives don't provide them they stay incite violence
Common sense, simple common sense
Geezers need excitement
If there lives don't provide them they stay incite violence
Common sense, simple common sense
Get a hold of this bird after pub closin' hours
Would you go lightly snow don't think so some how
In the winter showers but she'll never know and your face will never show shit
This is how goes it besides she was well fit, and who could resist
Move up to the next place
Smooth club, flex, bass, beats, and your best mates
All down, nice sound, Smirnoff Ice rounds
MC's clowning, brute boys frowning, everything's sweet
Everything's tucked in and round here were all downing
But all of a sudden though just through the smoke
Is your bird laughin' and jokin'with a bloke
Ain't just that either as she moves closer
In a shape that looks like they're lovers
He's tonguin' her
All rage sweeps up through your torso
Your more so ready to go over and show him who's man
Football fan style, leave it in the can for awhile
Cause even as they smiles he's still got choices
Don't listen to them voices
Then at the end of the day you may just have caused this
So leave the forces
Geezers need excitement
If there lives don't provide them they stay incite violence
Common sense, simple common sense
Geezers need excitement
If there lives don't provide them they stay incite violence
Common sense, simple common sense
We haven't even started and it's almost the end
We never talked it over, in fact we never said anything
Two of the same kind of sorts hiding thoughts
As the small talk ebbs away the silence is awkward
You hardly even know me and I'm starting to show that
I hardly even know you but I like what I know
I want to talk about it but I quake in my skin
It'll only push you further into making decisions
You want to like me but you were likely undecided
The voice inside me's always right which is why the awkward silence
Not gonna risk losing you
Which is why I'm never gonna woo you
I think I love you more than you like me
Although I'm never surer maybe I should want to be blind
I think I love you more than you like me
Because this is even crossing my mind
Any other day and you'd have not looked twice
The joking went along with my roll of the dice
Purely by chance I happened on feeling
Really confident around the place and people
You caught a no-hitter hitting winning strokes
I never am a winner, I'm a lonely bloke
Acting exciting like a man for a while
Until you realized I can act like a child
Eternal optimism is spurring me onto think that acting on yearnings like this
Might lead me to learn a secret
But I don't really know
Or why I think so
It's just a good hunch, hunches are always right though
I think I love you more than you like me
Although I'm never surer maybe I should want to be blind
I think I love you more than you like me
Because this is even crossing my mind
I drew a drawing of you after last time I saw you
I never felt to draw a picture like that before
I learnt a lot about myself drawing all morning
It was absolutely shit, I'm awful at drawing
I think I love you more than you like me
Although I'm never surer maybe I should want to be blind
I think I love you more than you like me
Because this is even crossing my mind
I think I love you more than you like me
Although I'm never surer maybe I should want to be blind
I think I love you more than you like me
Because this is even crossing my mind
All these walls were never really there
Nor the ceiling or the chair
I'm eking weeks at peace on a beach
I see the breezes weave the trees
These walls you'll find are yours and mine
Confined not by them I
I'm in times that lie behind my eyelids
The sunset still the rising silence
I'll not feel no fear 'cause I'm not really here
I'm nowhere near
There's no rain on roof that grates and beats me
My favourite tree breaking light to pieces
Sprinkling, sharded, light on me
Throw a stone as high as you can
Nothing taxing
Dusting sand
My window and world spins and twirls
The walls then fall, I recall this all
White clouds, white wash, faded, spotless
The weighty shadows, ranges of rocks
The cold is all illusion thought up
A Stroll on the shore, snooze and explore
All possibilities in each new morning
'Til satisfied reaching out, yawning
Fish in a big dish, some rice and spice
Salt over shoulder, never salted so die
The truth I have told was silent sometimes
But whose soul does not hide any crimes?
Wrapped in walls, encircled by work
The walls fall, this story occurs
No barrier, no boundary, all hours I please
The freedom to stay or stray
Be fiend or friend
Cause no harm but charm
The peaceful end
I'll not feel no fear 'cause I'm not really here
I'm nowhere near
I'll not feel no fear 'cause I'm not really here
I'm nowhere near
Pale ancient woods, strew white sandy bays
This ugly room pales away today
I'm swimming in the ocean
I sink slow motion
Fingers, toes, floating
Every year 'til yesterday
I see the eternal setting sea
I compare all this to me
Little fleeting, momentary me
I blink my eyes, this is reminding me
Life flies in the blink of an eye
The old die for reasons, new tides four seasons
New life born is like teasing
All these walls were really never there
Nor the ceiling or the chair
I'm eking weeks at peace on a beach
I see the breezes weave the trees
I'm not here at all, your dearly fool
I see bristling trees, the shush of the sea
The mischievous, fluttering seagulls
No, I'm not trapped in a box, I'm glancing at rocks
I'm dancing off docks
Since this dance began
That's where I am
I'll not feel no fear 'cause I'm not really here
I'm nowhere near
I'll not feel no fear 'cause I'm not really here
I'm nowhere near
So done
Excuse me girl
I know its a bit embarrassing
But I just noticed some tan lines..
On your shirt!
See I reckon you're about an eight or a nine
Maybe even nine and a half in four beers time
That blue top shop top you've got on is nice
Bit too much fake tan though - but yeah you score high
But there's just one little thing that really really
Really really annoying me about you you see
Yeah yeah like I said you are really fit
But my gosh don't you just know it
I'm not trying to pull you
Even though I would like to
I think you are really fit
You're fit but my gosh don't you know it
So when I looked at you standing there with your hoard
I was waiting in the que looking at the board
Wondering whether to have a Burger or chips
Or what the shrapnel in my back pocket could afford
When I noticed out the corner of my eye
Looking toward my direction
Your eyes locked onto my course
I couldn't concentrate on what I wanted to order
Which cost me my place in the queue I waited for yeah
Whoa! Leave it out
Are you smoking something?
Leave it out
Mike just leave it just leave it
We cannot have that behavior in this establishment
S'not worth it mike, just leave it
Don't touch me, s'not worth it
Don't touch me, D, look 'm alright don't touch me
For a while there I was thinkin' - yeah but what if?
Picturin' myself pullin' with bare white hot wit
Snarin' you as you were standing there opposite
Whether or not you knew it I swear you didn't tick
Was clockin' onto you too yeah I had to admit
That yeah yeah you are fit
But I stop sharkin' for a minute to get chips and drinks
Oy, just as you started to make your big advance
With the milkshake and that little doughnut in hand
I was like nah, I can't, even though you look grand
But you look sharp there smilin' hard suggesting and
Gleaming away with your hearty hearty lookin' tan
But I admit the next bit was spanner to my plan
You walked towards my path but just brushed right past
Oh what do I give .. I've got a girlfriend anyway
(whoa, we've all had a drink mate)
We're all a bit drunk, yeah we've had a few fair play
I got this Stella I bombed from that last cafe
This nights not even begun, yes yes oh yay
I did fancy you a bit though yeah I must say
I would rather I hadn't mugged myself on display
But this is just another case of female stopping play
On otherwise a total result of a holiday
Saying I love you forever, wont hold us together
A dove and a feather wont better our love
Or recover us ever
But I don't know if I missed you
Or if I'm blowing this tissue, because I only miss you
Rather than no id not risk you
That's not a frown I like, how is it now you decide
Ill go to town if I like, be round about 5
Your future lies in you seeing new guys
You'll feel new eyes on you you'll need to lie about this
We can never be friends
One wants to stay together
One wants it to end
We can never be friends
We can make it easy.
Mistake a little, wait for an ache
Mistake loneliness to mean only us
An addiction to a fix of praise
Rely on me to say its ok
There is only room for one in this sun
There was only one of me and you once
In the night let it fly to the light
All the bits you miss from your ex
Commitment, kissing and sex
Are what you'll insist from the next
Are what you'll insist from the next
But is it who dares wins, or only who knows goes
Frank Brunos nose has seen too many blows
Your bitter then its better to pretend not bicker
Its butters when it festers it fucks all the fun
This is us fizzling
But with added little pangs
We reached the end, you'll never see me again.
We can never be friends
One wants to stay together
One wants it to end
We can never be friends
We can make it easy.
We can never be friends
One wants to stay together
One wants it to end
We can never be friends
We can make it easy.
We can never be friends
One wants to stay together
One wants it to end
We can never be friends
We can make it easy.
'Cause her last relationship fucked her up
Got hurt majorly, finds it tough to trust
Looked at the ashtray, then looked back up
Spinnin' it away on the tabletop
She looked much fitter than Saturday just
She worked in JD's with Dan
Back then I figured she was pretty damn rough
But she was only wearin' her work stuff
She stirred her straw, sat up to adjust
I told her I thought it was important
That you could get lost in conversation
Chattin' shit, sittin' in, oblivion
With that person who's your special one
She said she was the worst pool player under the sun
But blokes go easy so she always won
I saw this thing on ITV the other week
Said, that if she played with her hair, she's probably keen
She's playin' with her hair, well regularly
So I reckon I could well be in
She didn't look too bored with what I was sayin'
Her hair looked much better than the other day
She had her fingers 'round her hair, playin'
I Saw on the telly that's a good indication
Stood up to buy the next drink though, "Nay."
Suppose that's just our girl's way
I'm tryin' to think what else I could say
Peelin' the label off, spinnin' the ashtray
Yeah actually, yes, she did look pretty neat
Her perfume smelled expensive and sweet
I felt like my hair looked a bit cheap
Wished I'd had it cut back last week
She kept givin' me this look, cause she would speak
Was she only friendly, or was she a keep?
Asked her if she wanted the same again to drink
Started to turn and get up out my seat
She said that her close mates all were
Always the most important thing to her
I said I thought it was a bit more blurred
She asked what I meant by that as she stirred
I told her about the money and what had occurred
With it goin' missing from the living room, so
With my best mates all there standin' by
Right where I left it, under their eyes
So surely one of them might have spied
What happened to my money at that time
I felt like they were all smilin' on the side
She was like "fair play" she couldn't say why
She didn't know what all my mates were like
Wish I had someone I could always rely
Someone to get lost chattin' to all night
As I walked back with more drinks to our place
She had her phone stuck to the side of her face
I sat for a minute while she chatted away
'Bout somethin' with her mom and her birthday
Played for a bit with the same ashtray
Thought about things while I sat and waited
It was nice to chat about the shit in my head
Someone who just listens to you instead
I looked at the barman, wiping down again
Looked at the football on the TV set
Tryin' to look like I weren't just waitin' there
For her conversation to come to an end
I look at my watch and realized right then
That, for three hours, been in conversation
Before she put her phone down, she switched to silent
[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
Trust me
Is the skyline sliced up into pieces and broken steel and mesh
Or is the progress of process that's a natural people quest
Metal and the workings, dark and lurking in my mind
Branded neon red and blue flashes
The view from the flats is nice
I see Alice in Wonderland
I see malice in Sunderland
Mouse to house, I am this land
The were without, it's Thumberland
Smoke to a karma coma
Jamaicans do yard and roamers
Shake Bacardi's and Coke and make me laugh and
Trust me
So much stuff and many people
The future is not evil
The future is not fish and it's simple, it's efficient
Now that things are costing nothing
Is any of it good?
Come and love me, read my nothings
Blogging river floods
Dead plant planted on the window ledge
Shadows dance, glint and blend
Glance slow at the night outside
I'm God in the game
Sound rumbles in 5.1 round some corner to fight with guns
Play God in games but nothing in
Trust me
Dub step, club sweat, come get rubbed red
Play the playlist
Play the playlist
I see Alice in Wonderland
I see malice in Sunderland
House to house, I love this land
The were without, it's Thumberland
Do the wrong thing, joke it right
Span the longings and the fights
For all the oil and the toil
We are nothing if not nice
We are coughing if we are wise
Roll me up like a leafy spliff
Fuck that, roll me up and
Trust me
Why is there so much noise
Reading info, buying toys
We all fear of company
But we are fierce anonymously
Enter shit on the internet
Clashing people, chatting evil
But we are cheery social sorts
With the pleasing photo forward
Pass the love around and back to me
Walking down a madman's street
The music in my ears is fleeting
Struggle to shuffle to the same beat
We are nothing if not nice
We have a pretty buttered knife
Is the skyline sliced up into pieces and broken steel and strife
Anything you tell me
Yes, yes, I will believe
But again and I suspect
Again and I will leave
Slow burn a little heaven
Roaming yearnings for devon
Coburn '67
Don't work for them
Trust me
Dub step, earth run, red club sweat
Put up chests and freeze, freeze
Is the skyline sliced up into pieces and broken steel and mesh
Or is the progress of process that's a natural people quest
Looked at your status
"In a relationship"
"In a relationship"
An earthquake hit me (Oi!)
Your status had changed
You've never worked about this.
Couldn't drag my eye away
The words on the screen
Nothing set between us but you just weren't that keen
In a relationship
Plainheld bettyka.
Got to walk away and... let it go.
Why did you leave it so late to tell me?
Wow a revelation, (Oh oh)
Then I get you, you get me honestly and
Wow a situation.
Oh my gosh why did you leave it so late to tell me
Wow a revelation.
Then I get you and you get me on the street and
Wow a relation.
Looked at your photo, of folks I didn't know
Folks I hadn't noticed seem close to you now
We'd been hangin' out a lot
I'd gathered that would have to stop.
All that build up for me
All the weeks of us walking past tree after tree
All the patience and doubt
The relational maybe
May as well bow you're in a relationship now.
Why did you leave it so late to tell me?
Wow a revelation. (Oh oh)
Then I get you and you get me honestly 
Oh my gosh why did you leave it so late to tell me?
Wow a revelation. (Uh oh)
Then I look at you and you look at me on the street and
Wow a situation.
Looked at your status
"In a relationship"
"In a relationship"
It devastated me.
Then what did I spy, I punched a fucking ?
Among the normally ignorable requests at the right
I'd of never of guessed a request so nice
Now if you look at my status
I'm in a relationship too... with you.
Why did you leave it so late to tell me?
Wow, a revelation. (Oh oh)
Then I look at you and you look at me honestly and
Wow a situation.
I paced myself
I have faith this time
I saw something for me
I felt something right.
Why did you leave it so late to tell me?
Wow a revelation.
Then I look at you and you look at me honestly and
Wow a situation.
Why did you leave it so late to tell me?
Wow a revelation.
Then I look at you and you look at me honestly and
Wow a situation.
That's the one, oy
How did he not find the baggy, with his hand in my shoe?
Way too close for me, oh well at least they allowed me through
Should be a good night in here, Ramo in the main room
People keep pushing me though, no reception on the phone
Lights are blinding my eyes
They said they'd be here they said, they said in the corner
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
These look well speckly, bit of green and blue
Threes is well cheap though, so I'll take three if I need to
Right I'm on the plan, I wish the bouncers would go away
Borrow water off this man, here goes nothing OK
Lights are blinding my eyes
That's proper rank, that tastes like hairspray
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
I hate coming to the entrance, just to get bars on my phone
You have no new messages, so why haven't they phoned?
Menu, write message, so where are you and Simone?
Send message, Dan's number, where've they gone?
Lights are blinding my eyes
Why's the message pending? where the fuck are ya?
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
Hmm, brandy or beer? Water's a good idea
Wish that bar lady'd appear and come serve over here
Where the fuck could they be? still not over in the corner
This nights a tragedy, I keep thinking I saw her
Lights are blinding my eyes
No that's not them, that's not them either
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
I'm still not feeling anything, this has got to be a dud
It's been ages since I necked it, and smoked six tabs to the nub
Belly's not even tingling, I just feel a bit pissed
No-one looks like mingling, I can't see her or him
Lights are blinding my eyes
I'm gonna do another I think, Yeah, one more, these are shit
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
These toilets are a piss take, queue's bigger than the door
Gotta get rid of this pill taste, what are they chattin' so much for?
Glad I'm not a girl in this place, they'll be here 'til dawn
Sure my belly's tingling a bit, somethings happening I'm sure
Lights are blinding my eyes
Maybe I shouldn't have done the second one, I feel all fidgety and warm
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
Whoa, everything in the room is spinning, I think I'm going to fall down
My heart's beating to quick, I'm fucking tripping out
I wonder whether they got in, turned away no doubt
Who cares, there is a tune coming in, that one noise is like
I'm thinking
Lights are blinding my eyes
My eyes are rolling back, I'm rubbing my thighs with my hand
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
Yeah yeah they cheer
Can they see my hand in the air?
Need to wave 'em over here
Swear Simone's kissing Dan
My head is twisted sever, body's rushing everywhere
They could have texted me when they were near, but I'm fucked and I don't
Care
Lights are blinding my eyes
What was I thinking about? Ah who cares, I'm mashed
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
Totally fucked, can't hardly fucking stand
This is fucking amazing
The fine art of hotel expressionism
Compose your mood using the soap hanging chute(?)
The minibar can be part of the art
In the early hours of a blurry hotel you need guests of (?)
My word is word if we earn success in hotel expressionism
Stay away from (?) hotels so when wrecked there's no victim
I've been ejected from hotels that then when I'm checking in will swear to be with them (swearin')
Man, I'm not some crank vandal swinging the TV about at random
Attacks to the lamp stand for a (?) is the art of action prove (?)
Tediously mischief from (?) is why we hide from enemy pages
Throwing the TV out the window mate is nothing clear of weak cliches
It's vandalism an expressionists (?) we keen leaders associate to
I'm talking E-convertibles (talking?)
The fine art of hotel expressionism
Compose your mood using the soap hanging chute(?)
The minibar can be part of the art
From the (?) of the minibar brandy and lambs see(?)
You have a brandy (?) sweet boozy steam moves freely and is in no manner mindless fun
Express yourself in anyway say anything you may and anyway that man (?)
That's fuckin' (?) fuckin' cunt the fuckin' damage is a minor... fucker
But louts harassin' is fuckin' drole spellin' through the death of rock and roll
Rap and roll are separate to some acid trip 'cus rock and roll is fuckin' old
The group of girls your so in on have to be on there oh there and piss
But you have a problem with the man there with he's a dealer but there's a rift(?)
You need to get in front jump up on his own shit take his gear he disappears
Leave him there his hand in a bucket of water gaffer taped to a chair in a lift
The fine art of hotel expressionism
Compose your mood using the soap hanging chute(?)
The minibar can be part of the art
I'll tell you
Expressionism is his own form of art
Because with normal art someone usually the artist they pour out their heart
But it's worth is decided by committin' and has to obey the law and sharks
I tell expressionists walk out the lift mind checkin' out pay for their art
Real art should be nothing but love shouldn't be about the money or fashion
I make these crap rap rhythms to pay the hotel bills that fund my packet(?)
The fine art of hotel expressionism
Compose your mood using the soap hanging chute(?)
The minibar can be part of the art
It's tedious the mischief from (?) is why we hide from enemy pages
Throwing the TV out the window mate is nothing clear of weak cliche
It's vandalism an expressionists keenly disassociate to
I'm talking E-convertibles, structural damage, human injury...well mayhem basically
This ain't the down, it's the upbeat, make it complete
So what's the story, guaranteed accuracy, enhanced CD
Latest technology, darts at treble twenty
Huge non-recoupable advance, majors be vigilant
I excel in both content and deliverance
So let's put on our classics and we'll have a little dance, shall we?
No sales pitch, no media hype
No hydro, it's nice and ripe
I speak in communications in bold type
This ain't your archetypal street sound
Scan for ultrasound
North, South, East, West and all round
[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
You say that everything sounds the same
There's no excuses, my friend
Let's push things forward
As we progress to the check point
I wholeheartedly agree with your viewpoint
But this ain't your typical garage joint
I make points which hold significance
That ain't a bag it's a shipment
This ain't a track, it's a movement, I got the settlement
My frequencies are transient and resonate your eardrums
I make bangers not anthems, leave that to the Artful Dodger
The broad shouldered fifty-one percent shareholder
You won't find us on Alta Vista
Cult classic not bestseller, you're gonna need more power
Plug in the free phase and the generator, crank it up to gigawatts
Critics, ready with your pot shots, the plot thickens
Put on your mittens for these sub zero conditions
But remember I'm just spitting, remember I'm just spitting
Once bitten, forever smitten
Spit jewels like Eastern riches, junkie fixes
Around here we say 'birds', not bitches
As London Bridge burns down Brixton's burning up
Turns out your in luck, I knows this dodgy fuck in the Duck
So it's just another show flick for your local city poet
In case you geezers don't know it, let's push things forward
It's a tall order but we're taller, calling all maulers
Back street brawlers, corner shop crawlers, victory's flawless
Love us or hates us but don't slate us
Don't conform to formulas, pop genres and such
Sharp darts, double dutch, parked cars troubles you much
With more bud - let's - push - things - forward
One of the first things about you I did see
Is that you verse your views quietly
When nature verses truths I get violent feelings
But softly time will reply that's wise
A delicate gesture of why you see
The best route through this being right through here
But met with a cute blind snide of fear
Best to go along with their idea
But, you gently take things slowly
You softly bowl them over
That's the delicate way you've shown me
You're the strongest person I know
You gently take things slowly
You softly bowl them over
That's the delicate way you've shown me
You're the strongest person I know
After taking the worst route, blatantly
Bang on cue we manage losing way
But in a squirmy backed and screwed up way
They actually managed passing you the blame
With that mad man wrapped with rage
Even then your temper stays exactly the same
Beautiful person that's happily unchanged
You gently take things slowly
You softly bowl them over
That's the delicate way you've shown me
You're the strongest person I know
You gently take things slowly
You softly bowl them over
That's the delicate way you've shown me
You're the strongest person I know
In the heat of speech
Your words improve
Right out of reach in my stirred up words
But every time they f**king blurt out drool
I'm noticing they're all learning from you
'Cos even though they know they cursed you
They should've admitted that they were fools
The next time they're wanting to work things through
The very first person they turn to is you
Cos you gently take things slowly
You softly bowl them over
That's the delicate way you've shown me
You're the strongest person I know
You gently take things slowly
You softly bowl them over
That's the delicate way you've shown me
You're the strongest person I know
You gently take things slowly
You softly bowl them over
That's the delicate way you've shown me
You're the strongest person I know
I should be standing at the bar, waving a ten pound note around
But I sit here on the sofa at my girl's house
I should be chatting shit as I'm nubbing out another snout
But I'll roach a spliff watching the TV for now
I should be watching the fruit machines, for which one will pay out
But I sit on the sofa at my girls, anyhow
I should be legging it from a cab, like a mad little lout
But I'll roach a spliff watching the TV, throughout
I know I never tell her, but every single day, man
I'm always thinking loads about her
She's the best thing that ever happened to me, and
I don't know what I'd do without her
I should actually go out and about, flip some beer mats
Instead of sitting her at my girl's gaff
'Cause, all I seem to do is sit in this habitat
Just roaching a spliff, watching the TV and that
So I use my girl's TV to watch the match
Yeah, I, might head out later to get off this beaten track
Of, watching the TV, roaching up, I'm the same old man
But on second thought, so why don't you shots
No, I, think, I, will, sit on the sofa
I would actually much prefer to just sit here and chill
Roaching a spliff, watching East-Enders or the Bill
'Cause basically I love her, and I love being here still
I don't want to knock my mates
But there it's the same old drill
Roaching a spliff, watching the TV is my will
No fuck that
I might ask my mates where they'll be drinking
From the sofa giving them a ding
Tell 'em, I will go freeze on that ground later on this evening
Instead of roaching a spliff, watching the TV again
Whilst back at her's, she does her ting
Sitting on the sofa at her end
But, as I watch the big screen I know I will quite miss
Me and her roaching a spliff, watching the TV again
I know I never tell her, but every single day, man
I'm always thinking loads about her
(That's exactly what I'm talking about)
She's the best thing that ever happened to me
(I wouldn't have it any other way)
(I'll tell you this)
I know I never tell her
(There's a whole world out there)
But every single day, man
(A whole world)
I'm always thinking loads about her
(But do I give her?)
She's the best thing that ever happened to me
(Do you know what I mean?)
(There's a whole world out there)
[ad libs to end]
I should be standing at the bar, waving a ten pound note around
But I sit here on the sofa at my girl's house
I should be chatting shit as I'm nubbing out another snout
But I'll roach a spliff watching the TV for now
I should be watching the fruit machines, for which one will pay out
But I sit on the sofa at my girls, anyhow
I should be legging it from a cab, like a mad little lout
But I'll roach a spliff watching the TV, throughout
I know I never tell her, but every single day, man
I'm always thinking loads about her
She's the best thing that ever happened to me, and
I don't know what I'd do without her
I should actually go out and about, flip some beer mats
Instead of sitting her at my girl's gaff
'Cause, all I seem to do is sit in this habitat
Just roaching a spliff, watching the TV and that
So I use my girl's TV to watch the match
Yeah, I, might head out later to get off this beaten track
Of, watching the TV, roaching up, I'm the same old man
But on second thought, so why don't you shots
No, I, think, I, will, sit on the sofa
I would actually much prefer to just sit here and chill
Roaching a spliff, watching East-Enders or the Bill
'Cause basically I love her, and I love being here still
I don't want to knock my mates
But there it's the same old drill
Roaching a spliff, watching the TV is my will
No fuck that
I might ask my mates where they'll be drinking
From the sofa giving them a ding
Tell 'em, I will go freeze on that ground later on this evening
Instead of roaching a spliff, watching the TV again
Whilst back at her's, she does her ting
Sitting on the sofa at her end
But, as I watch the big screen I know I will quite miss
Me and her roaching a spliff, watching the TV again
I know I never tell her, but every single day, man
I'm always thinking loads about her
(That's exactly what I'm talking about)
She's the best thing that ever happened to me
(I wouldn't have it any other way)
(I'll tell you this)
I know I never tell her
(There's a whole world out there)
But every single day, man
(A whole world)
I'm always thinking loads about her
(But do I give her?)
She's the best thing that ever happened to me
(Do you know what I mean?)
(There's a whole world out there)
[ad libs to end]
I'm about to do something crazy, you'll regret this, I swear
This one time I really needed you to head over mine where
I was throwing up all morning, it was all in my hair
Then because I was so dizzy I almost fell down the stairs
Like you always do, you know, you just don't fucking care
Go, get out of my house, please
Actually give me back my keys, but
I'll be proper angry, if
You're not back later on your knees
Look
Come on, calm down, it wasn't all totally like that
You're over-reacting just a bit, maybe we can sit down and chat
It's just, you know, I had stuff to do, you know, this and that
Maybe it wasn't so important as you being in the sack
But I had to sort out my pills man; I needed to stock up my stash
I couldn't do it any other day, I had to do it then, quick snap
You don't care about my broken TV
I sit on my sofa all day smoking weed
I never phoned that bloke from the TV company
So please don't be like this, please, please, please
Actually now I think about it, what am I guilty about?
I felt like I was in the wrong, I felt like I was the lout
Oy, this is what happened last Saturday now, I think I remember now
You were ill last Saturday and two weeks before that little bout
You know I need that medication for my epilepsy now
Or I run the risk of having a fit, you know I can't go without
So when you being in bed is because last night you got pissed
It's you that's being selfish, it's you that don't give a shit
I'm gone, I'll get out your house, then
I'll never, be back again, but
I'll still be 'ceiving when, you
Text me to make up and be friends
[ad libs to end]
If I want to sit in and drink super tenants in the day I will
No one's going to fucking tell me jack
But can you rely on anyone in this world?
No, you can't
It's not my fault there's wall-to-wall empty cans
Everyone wanted this to all go wrong for me from the start
It's fucked up that a man's life can just be attacked
Watching this morning with a beer
Is much better than relying on
Unknown cunts for mates I was given
That don't have my back
Scott texted me to say he'd have a look at the TV for me
But I laid it down telling him to fuck right off chap
Phoned this company out the yellow pages
Told them to take away the TV and fix it quick snap
The next day they took away the TV
Told me they would repair the little bit
That's broken round on the back
I thought that would be that but the next bit was on top
This was where it all started to get a bit out of hand
[Chorus 1]
No one gives a crap about Mike
That's why I'm acting nasty
You know what you can do with your life
Introduce it up your jacksie
'Cause no one gives a crap about Mike
That's why I'm acting nasty
You know what you can do with your life
Introduce it up your jacksie
The TV man comes back later, knocks on mine
To say he's found something in the back of the TV
I'm looking at it absolutely speechless, can't quite believe
He's trying to pull this fucking stunt on me
I knew it was a simple case of the power supply gone on the back
But he's trying to tap me up for more money
He says it's not like that and I'm like "Fuck off and die!"
He says "Don't talk to me like that", and I don't understand
My face is in his face, I tell him I understand perfectly
So he brings his fist up and twats me a good one on my cheek
Now I'm trying to pull his head down so I can knee it
But he's got my ear
He's twisting it round so much that it's
Really hurting me
Onto the corner of the fridge which is, total agony
Then he gets up and runs out the kitchen, and out of the door
Shouting stuff to me, slams his door, shouting at me
So here I am in my house, drinking on my own settee
Everyone's a cunt in this life, no one's there for me
[Chorus 1]
If I want to sit in and drink super tenants in the day I will
No one's going to fucking tell me jack
But can you rely on anyone in this world?
No, you can't
It's all my fault there's wall-to-wall empty cans
I sat in the kitchen all fucked off
Imagining over and over what they're all doing behind my back
Dodgy things going on, actions I regretted
Stain bottle with a pipe and tin foil on the mat
Scott texted me to say he'd have a look at the TV for me
But what he said about wanting to do the right thing by both mates
But I told him he could make it up by fixing the TV
He said that's the least he could do to square things flat
I thought that would be that but then the next bit was mad
This is where everything started to all turn back
[Chorus 2]
The end of the something I did not want to end
Beginning of hard times to come
But something that was not meant to be is done
He had to unscrew about fifteen screws
Before he could pull the panel off the back
To get in the fecking thing
But just as he did so, he said he saw something
That slipped inside behind the panel
Down the back of it
Must have been some leaflets or a bill maybe
I didn't want to lose the bill in case it was a final warning
So we both tried to get the back off and work out
If there was any more screws to get out
Or if we left any in
Before he rammed his hand in, saying, "No shit!"
He's looking at me absolutely speechless
He can't quite believe what he's trying to pull, out the slip
I get up wondering what he's smiling about
He's shaking his head at this point with, the biggest of grins
I look down the back of the TV and that's where it was
In all its glory?my thousand quid
[Chorus 2]
About two this afternoon the last of the people left my house
'Cause they never stop chatting 'til all the rackets gone
I really feel like things clicked into place at some point
Or maybe it's the fact that me and Alison really got on
Or maybe it's that I realized that it is true
No one's really there fighting for you in the last garrison
No one except yourself that is
No one except you
You are the one who's got your back 'til the last deeds done
Scott can't have my back 'til the absolute end
'Cause he's got to look out for what over his horizon
He's gotta make sure he's not lonely, not broke
It's enough to worry about keeping his own head above
I shut the door behind me, huddled up in my coat
Condensation floating off my breath, squinted out the sun
My jeans feel a bit tight, think I washed them too high
I was gonna be late, so I picked up my pace to run
[Chorus 2: Repeat 4X]
It's not the size of the dog in the fight
But the fight and the dog!
Let's surprise and take a ?
 any funny!
Do it, do it!
I won't say a word till I ? in your shoes...
Very nice new shoes!
Do it, do it!
If you're going through hell!
If you're going through hell!
If you're going through hell!
If you're going through hell!
Keep going!
Fall down five times
Rise up six!
Keep the good news
By all means
The main streets are in a fight to win
This is right and both sides win!
Yeah! What's the name
Round the ring around your finger
If you're going through hell!
If you're going through hell!
If you're going through hell!
If you're going through hell!
Keep going!
If you can't join them, beat them!
If you want, ? be friends!
The joy of the fight is the fight and the boy
I'm making this up now finding a point.
Is he even comprende
 is the fun of the thing
I can't resist anything
For temptation ?
I'm finding myself!
In here is only ordinary
Is the hero among the ordinarily.
You have nothing to lose but your chains
So we might ?
Or a ?
Do it!
Do it!
At the end of the tunnel, there is always light
It just might be a train.
Is it?
If you're going through hell!
If you're going through hell!
If you're going through hell!
If you're going through hell!
Keep going!
I used to love the night and now I dread my bed
Using all the light is how my head got spent
Torturous virus talk to my eyelids, walk in my size nines
Is this depression or a lesson from inner pressure pressing?
Either way, the fevers it deals me are evil
The thing that I love most is trying to kill M.E.
I have the queerest feeling of my dearest appearing
To be leering from the ether, fear more fever
I don't like sleepers, drugs make me sleep
Sleep is like death, to do death when you're dead
Bridge disappears through fog in my ears
For this chronic fatigue, there's no tonic is seems
Lucid thinking is loopy to think of on and on weeks
The thing that I love most is trying to kill M.E.
General health making my mental health break
But I'll never let go of what helps me create
Nothing to this point but for this love
Love, torturous virus get out from my eyelids
Just wanna ride out life in the key of C
I won't bash the black notes, I won't ask for answers
Glance up at the banister
The thing that I love most is trying to kill M.E.
The only good thing and I should cling to it good
Are the sparks of good art that park in the darkness
Shaking eyes hate me to write
But make me think up quite nice ideas
It's like me enemy, telling me forget the pen dwelling
The madness and sadness is long
But flashes of mastery
It seems
How many ways will it warm up, 8 months ago fate came
To break me in somewhat and rape me on the flames
The queerest feeling of my dearest appearing
To be leering from the ether, I fear more fever
Like the bridge disappearing through fog in my ears
There's no tonic it seems for this chronic fatigue
I'm happily trading insanity lately
For passion, that makes me a man at least, maybe
The thing that I love most is trying to kill M.E.
The thing that I love most is trying to kill M.E.
What was I thinking, who was I then?
Duly I tried, truly amen
What was I thinking, who was I then?
Duly I tried, truly amen
Pull some paper out the printer, pick up a pen and pen into the winter
The oldest cell in my body's only 10 years old
With the smell of the kitchen, I dwell on the kissing of my missus
Holding a bowl and reminiscing
(I am just a child who got a few years older)
Pull some paper out the printer, pick up a pen and pen into the winter
Yeah safe man, you okay? Just calling to ensure you got back in
Hope you coped yesterday 'coz I felt well damn grim
But yeah in the air on the plane my stomach was turning
Man I was hanging head-to-stead on the headrest in pain
Prayin' away all my bad sins
Lost count of the plain Chardonnays before the fourth or maybe the fifth
In future I need to abstain, if only I'd had a bit of discipline
But worth every bit of spare change, pure clowning down to the last drink
Hang on let me slam the door, mate
Just pause that thought for a bit
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that?
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
I've been pacing the place
Well paralyzed since I got back in with my bags though
Yeah I'm too aware that last night was way mad slack, I know
Carried in a gang I lost sight of Simone on her own, back at home
Distracted from the fact it weren't right
Could have raised up the hand but no
Simone was moaning and
That about me playing away on this holiday
She was watching the box at her Dad's house
There preparing spliffs away
As I'm smacking glasses down at George
Best, best session rate
Can you hear me? Na sorry mate
You're fuzzy mate, I can't hear you
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
So, I lost you for a minute, yeah, yeah I can hear you now
See I mean that the true thing though I suppose I chose myself to allow
I was weak and stupid but as far as I viewed anyhow
She couldn't have been it for me the only girl I'd ever go out with
I didn't want to waste my youth in a girl's house to the sound of spliffs
I just switched off the phone when she started shouting
Coming to a conclusion I couldn't be bothered with anymore rowing
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
(Nah nah nah)
What I can remember is a blotch, I got a fat bruise on my arm
She weren't even much too hot but she totally mugged me up like rah
She knew exactly what she was doing and it all went a bit too far
She was with that bloke in the white top in Mcdonalds' car park
Hello? Ahh fucking phones, man!
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
Yeah I think we got cut off, yeah I got crap reception in my house
I have to stand in a certain spot in my kitchen or it cuts out
Yeah you know I was potty to even let myself allow it
I would if I could just swap what happened then for right now
This whole thing just got on top but it's her that I want, no doubt
So in a way its helped me doing wrong, I know I've fucked up now
This is where that dodgy shit stops, she's just gotta not find out
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that
'Coz yeah it felt like we were through though
But I could've ruined it, I'm such a twat
If you don't like what's going down
You need to change something round
If you don't like what's going down
You need to change something round
Two days before I finally snap from (?) a gig
I was being a twat the bass player behind the (?) cap he's Belgium another bright screaming gang
Johnny drums see peeps leaving trailing gaps putting face cream on between the breaks and tracks
I needed to stop this, draw the last of my ways
Twenty minutes to go the floor manager says
Been a long summer (?) band's an age I wanna dry my eyes and all the band on the stage
(I wanna see the whole crowd in Belgium)
Dead silence not very nice to feel so depressed and violent
(He's fuckin' puttin' moisturizer on, he's fuckin' moisturisin' his face... I know yeah)
If you don't like what's going down
You need to change something round
If you don't like what's going down
You need to change something round
(Some cunt is bringin' up a load of fucki'n shithole streets hats)
Oi, oi, (?) down the day before the crafts the hats were bought by Warner staff thought they were fakes
Not thought to ask
So I (?) the audience found under the stage but I'd only just spoken Ted Mayham has never seen me so
Darn broken
The very next day in bed in London
With a girl I have little memory of
Unable to feel anything much which was the reason why I bought my first suit
Wasn't thinking at that bit on stage
The fake streets hats were actually not fake!
If you don't like what's going down
You need to change something round
If you don't like what's going down
You need to change something round
If you don't like what's going down
You need to change something round
If you don't like what's going down
You need to change something round
It was supposed to be so easy...
Just take back the DVD
Withdraw that extra money
Tell mum I wouldn't be back for tea
Then grab my savings and hurry
So first to get the film back in time
To avoid that big fine
I had to do a fast hill climb
But a faster decline
But I flew a bit quick
Arms like a lunatic
Had to stop for a few ticks
I started feeling sick
Got to the video shop in a state
But chuffed it, wouldn't be late
Only when he flicked open the case
I'd left the disc at my place
Today I have achieved absolutely naught
In just being out of the house, I've lost out
If I wanted to end up with more now
I should have just stayed in bed like I know how
So I failed on the DVD
But I still had to get the money
Tell mum I couldn't make tea
Get the savings and then hurry
Rushin' to the cash machine
Still a bit mashed and lean
Then of course a mandatory car
Drives by and splashes me
Get there the queue's outrageous
Ladies taking ages
My rage is blowing gauges
How long's it take to validate your wages?
At last my turn comes
Press the 50 squid button: Insufficient funds
So I failed on the DVD
Couldn't withdraw any money
But I still had to call mum
Get the savings, and then hurry
So to call mum so that
I could tell her I can't go and that
At least I remembered my phone, man
I didn't know her number offhand
Where's my phone, have I got it?
Oh this is a crock of shit!
I lost the fucking thing
Wait, wait, it's in my pocket
But the batteries nearly flat
Got to call, quick snap
Aww shit, the battery is flat
So I've failed on the DVD
Couldn't withdraw any money
Or call mum about tea
I'll have to get the savings and hurry
But where was the money?
I knew I'd left it on the
Side, next to the telly
This is not even funny
I left it in the living room
Ready to pick up as soon
As I passed through
On the way out to the rendezvous
So the shoebox full of money
Just disappearing from me
That's not what I call funny
+A grand don't come for free+
Oy, soaked to the bone in me jeans
You want me to stop?
I imagine my mum's weeping right now
That I left on the table this morn
Has simply disappeared before my eyes, his eyes, and yours
Hundred thousand pennies, no more
A thousandth of a million squid
Or two monkeys
Or a whole fifty scores
Gone, withdrawn, from my life
The money is no more for sure
It was supposed to be so easy...
Can you blatantly say looking straight in her face
That you aren't telling tales to her.
If you never tell a lie to her
You don't have to remember anything
It all goes out the window when
I try to do it myself
Can you blatantly say looking straight in her face that you aint telling tales to her.
That you never get stressed when she questions events you'll be best to forget.
Can you actually blag when the lamb glances when you prang and your chatting
That if you had the chance to go back to her pad for a passionate act you wouldn't have it?
Oi, why's that then?
Its 'cause the reason you been faithful is
Its been so good
You never seen temptation
Deep down you hear the mans burden
We all have a mans burden
You'll always be a bad person
It's getting you down
You were letting her down
You were tempted and failed.
You showed her up
You need to be owning up you need to show her you love her for once.
It was an extreme circumstance it was she that advanced
She defeated you gradually
So you must then be honest you must then get on this.
Mend the wrong shit.
If you never tell a lie to her
You don't have to remember anything
It all goes out the window when
I try to do it myself
Oi oi, so why you wanna phone up?
Why you wanna own up?
You were selfish and so dumb.
To ease it off your chest, to be relieved of the mess that's being proper selfish
I been in some broken moments I know what goes on the road but there's a road you chose however coked
Up your brain you know you chose to strain you know it was your game oi
But it makes you see things clearer
It was weird though man
But you didn't wanna be with her
Seriously back home
If a girl was to even hear
It would spare her weak heart
She have no fear
The chance to see the fit thing naked will spell and memorize you.
You'll disregard the ways the lady in your life inspires you.
Which is why to day she tires of you, you'll be crying and howling.
But if your plans for a chance to go back ain't even had.
Then the passionate act won't happen, 'cause you plan not to have the chance
Rewind back if that sounded fast.
Oi you can't think straight, you gotta avoid the situation ignore what she's doing.
You may be mugged if you trust too much but it will fuck you up more worrying about trust
If you never tell a lie to her
You don't have to remember anything
It all goes out the window when
I try to do it myself
You may be mugged if you trust too much
But it will more fuck you up
It will more fuck you up worrying about trust
I had a funny dream and I came to screaming
That I was in a funny house but it was kind of mine
It happened in the past but it was somehow now
It put it into focus, things became clear
I had to plan something I handed in my notice
Even though to most it looked random
My heart had left I was just going in tandem
(I smoked one too many cigarettes
I heard one too many lies
I lost it all to this life)
I'm packing up my desk I've put it into boxes (...to this life)
Knock out the lights, lock the locks and leave
I'll leave one evening be seen off
At a party for my parting in a bar
It starts on the early side and ends in a gutter
With a fumble with a colleague in a car
No more alarm that barks in the dark
With the beeping like darts to the heart
Yes, the maze it does look deep
(I smoked one too many cigarettes
I heard one too many lies
I lost it all to this life)
I'm packing up my desk I've put it into boxes (...to this life)
Knock out the lights, lock the locks and leave
Read the funny card signed by all
That was purchased by the person I will always recall
Lock away my labors, steel stationary
A kiss on the lips or a grin in a grip
I had a funny dream and I came to screaming
That I was in a funny house but it was kind of mine
It happened in the past but it was somehow now
I came to it noon through the tune of a spoon
In a mug in a room, but I knew very soon
That the mug in the room, was the mug yours truly
Because I never stood up for what I wanted to do
(I smoked one too many cigarettes
I heard one too many lies
I lost it all to this life)
I'm packing up my desk I've put it into boxes (...to this life)
Knock out the lights, lock the locks and leave
(I smoked one too many cigarettes
I heard one too many lies
I lost it all too this...
I smoked one too many cigarettes
I heard one too many lies
I lost it all too this life)
I'm packing up my desk I've put it into boxes (...to this life)
Knock out the lights, lock the locks and leave (...to this life)
Gaze up to the skies
Truth you've open up my eye (eyes)
One day they're gonna make electrical implants in the brain
That simulate raving type sensations away
I just can't imagine living without things we live with
Can't imagine not knowing what science has learned
One day they'll lie on the roof of their rides
Thinking we're as stupid as we think of people before this time
We make pains to stay sane but waste days on games
Online against some fucking whining little child
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
Through to the star
Gaze up to the skies
Truth you've open up my eye (eyes)
The things you think of when you're drinking on a bonnet
Like how war telepathic headsets inview getting on it
Imagine a girl at work gave you her number she wanted to flirt
But all thoughts to her mind are blocked until she gets off after work
Die young stay pretty
Try once try living
But don't fade me up son, to the maid I love
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
Through to the star
Gaze up to the skies
Truth you've open up my eye (eyes)
So remind me what I said when you find me in bed
Which I even on death lying up many men
May I be laid out clean
May my beats fade me green
May I lie I may obscene
Maybe I Maybelline
Don't paint me black man
Blame the sat-nav
My way was mad man, but we made it back
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
Through to the star
On the brink of a list of insistings with a fist
One blink and that kiss
Is a sinking bliss
Hats off all you
Have a blast on full view
Things written on my wrist
So I might think after I'm pissed
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
Through to the star
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
On the roof of your car at the stars
Through to the star
Gaze up to the skies
Truth you've open up my eye (eyes)
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell for the company
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell seems like fun to me
There's something in the sun this day, I feel it
Or maybe it's just my hay fever
The weeds are green, the sky is shining
But it'll soon be night which is nicer
But then cracks peel back and hell bends the room
You've never seen such a Beelzebub
About whether to flake out or fecking stay out
What do you make of this doubt?
The devil wants to know if you're going down or up
Easy - I know what my speech should be
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell for the company
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell seems like fun to me
The devil beams a big beaming grin
The sort which leads you up the streets of sin
He holds up paperwork - sign the line
Let's clash with madmen, grime is fine
It sounds all hectic, you're having cold feet
Things are getting out of hand, you make an embarrassing retreat
Let's ride the Valkyrie, commit a bit of sin
Turn rock to rubble, punch me in the chin
I simply, Lucifer, refuse to wind up on fire with low-life liars
Then you're destined for the world without chores and sweating
The eternal hell of boredom in heaven
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell for the company
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell seems like fun to me
You tell the devil in no uncertain terms
You'll never be evil, you'll never be turned
What is this evil? And who decides this?
When left to devices some humans try shit
This is the reason we should all be tied up?
We're just normal people exploring our minds
We don't go around here putting poison in wine
But we enjoy what we like which is not always right
People are intricate, people aren't swines
Let's screw the rules up and rely on our minds
Sign on the line
You sign on the line
He clutches the wine and tips it in cyanide
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell for the company
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell seems like fun to me
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell for the company
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell seems like fun to me
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell for the company
I want to go to heaven for the weather
But hell seems like fun to me
That's the one, oy
How did he not find the baggy, with his hand in my shoe?
Way too close for me, oh well at least they allowed me through
Should be a good night in here, Ramo in the main room
People keep pushing me though, no reception on the phone
Lights are blinding my eyes
They said they'd be here they said, they said in the corner
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
These look well speckly, bit of green and blue
Threes is well cheap though, so I'll take three if I need to
Right I'm on the plan, I wish the bouncers would go away
Borrow water off this man, here goes nothing OK
Lights are blinding my eyes
That's proper rank, that tastes like hairspray
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
I hate coming to the entrance, just to get bars on my phone
You have no new messages, so why haven't they phoned?
Menu, write message, so where are you and Simone?
Send message, Dan's number, where've they gone?
Lights are blinding my eyes
Why's the message pending? where the fuck are ya?
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
Hmm, brandy or beer? Water's a good idea
Wish that bar lady'd appear and come serve over here
Where the fuck could they be? still not over in the corner
This nights a tragedy, I keep thinking I saw her
Lights are blinding my eyes
No that's not them, that's not them either
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
I'm still not feeling anything, this has got to be a dud
It's been ages since I necked it, and smoked six tabs to the nub
Belly's not even tingling, I just feel a bit pissed
No-one looks like mingling, I can't see her or him
Lights are blinding my eyes
I'm gonna do another I think, Yeah, one more, these are shit
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
These toilets are a piss take, queue's bigger than the door
Gotta get rid of this pill taste, what are they chattin' so much for?
Glad I'm not a girl in this place, they'll be here 'til dawn
Sure my belly's tingling a bit, somethings happening I'm sure
Lights are blinding my eyes
Maybe I shouldn't have done the second one, I feel all fidgety and warm
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
Whoa, everything in the room is spinning, I think I'm going to fall down
My heart's beating to quick, I'm fucking tripping out
I wonder whether they got in, turned away no doubt
Who cares, there is a tune coming in, that one noise is like
I'm thinking
Lights are blinding my eyes
My eyes are rolling back, I'm rubbing my thighs with my hand
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
Yeah yeah they cheer
Can they see my hand in the air?
Need to wave 'em over here
Swear Simone's kissing Dan
My head is twisted sever, body's rushing everywhere
They could have texted me when they were near, but I'm fucked and I don't
Care
Lights are blinding my eyes
What was I thinking about? Ah who cares, I'm mashed
People pushing by, and walking off into the night
Totally fucked, can't hardly fucking stand
This is fucking amazing
In one single moment your whole life can turn around, I stand there for a minute staring straight into the ground.
Looking to the left slightly then looking back down the world feels like its caved in proper sorry frown.
We can even have an open relationship if we must.
I look at her, she stares almost straight back at me but her eyes glaze over like she's looking straight through me.
Then her eyes must have closed for what seems an eternity, when they opened up she's lookin down at her feet.
Dry your eyes mate, I know it's hard to take but her mind has been made up.
There's plenty more fish in the sea.
Dry your eyes mate, I know you want to make her see how much this pain hurts, but you've got to walk away now, its over.
So then I moved my hand off and down by my side, shaking, my life is crashing before my eyes.
I turn the palm of my hand up to face the skies, touched the bottom of her chin and let out a sigh.
Because I can't imagine my life without you and me, there's things I can't imagine doing, things I can't imagine seeing.
It weren't supposed to be easy, surely, please please, I'm begging, please.
She brings her hands up towards where my hands rested she wraps her fingers around mine with the softness she's blessed with.
She peels away my fingers looks at me and then gestures, by pushing my hand away to my chest from hers.
Dry your eyes mate, I know it's hard to take but her mind has been made up.
There's plenty more fish in the sea.
Dry your eyes mate, I know you want to make her see how much this pain hurts, but you've got to walk away now, its over.
I can't say a word.
'Cause everything has just gone.
I've got nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Trying to pull her close out of bare desperation, put my arms around her to try to change what she's saying.
Put my head level with hers so she might engage in.
Look into her eyes to make her listen again, I'm not gonna fuckin' just fuckin' just leave it all now.
'cause you said it would be forever and that was your vow, and your gonna let our things simply crash and fall down.
Your well out of order now, this is well out of town.
She pulls away, my arms that are tightly clamped around her waist gently pushes me back as she looks at me straight.
Turns around so she's now got her back to my face, takes one step forward, looks back and then walks away.
Dry your eyes mate, I know it's hard to take but her mind has been made up.
There's plenty more fish in the sea.
Dry your eyes mate, I know you want to make her see how much this pain hurts, but you've got to walk away now, its over.
Dry your eyes mate, I know it's hard to take but her mind has been made up.
There's plenty more fish in the sea.
Dry your eyes mate, I know you want to make her see how much this pain hurts, but you've got to walk away now.
Again I step out my yard
Head swings 'round, clocks my landlord
Start chippin up the road 'cos I owe him three-weeks dough
The ships sinkin, teles on the blink
An in the pub its one beer to last all evening
Later on chips for feedin
When the quids are down try sneakin a bottle of brandy
'Round bouncers into the Ministry Of Sound
Scored, Moffat, back indoors with a profit
Cos they do say that havin no money forces one to make
The right choices on life each day
If you cant pay you cant play
Success hides a multitude of sins
But I aint successful and my piggy-banks still in the bin
Been there since I was a kid
Goin 'round in circles, not being careful but say
I get paid on Friday, cant wait to live life my way
Cos on the streets Im just a geezer
I gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
On the streets Im just a geezer
Gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
On the streets Im just a geezer
Gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
On the streets Im just a geezer
Gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
Brut pocket Im back in the Burassic seat again
After spending sixty pound last week on beers with friends
Brought it all on myself see, granted
Now Im scorin draw for everyone to get my next spliff sorted
Hang 'round mums house to get smothered
Got no tins in the cupboard this week
Hold on to your seat cos its all gone a bit Pete
Live for the moment said he, "Wrong"
Downin beers out of my tree, now the moments passed
The cash is a distant memory
You know things are bleak when youre tellin the birds you asked out
Last week that things are busy
When really youve got no dough in the piggy
Two days after pay days clocked
Into pool table pockets
Cos on the streets Im just a geezer
I gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
On the streets Im just a geezer
Gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
On the streets Im just a geezer
Gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
On the streets Im just a geezer
Gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
Im skint, got no moolah
Need to get some colour in my cheeks says mum
Thatll be my English inner city tan
Im skinny like a woman, need to get some punan through the door
"Please Sir, can I have some more?"
Oi, oi, lend me a tenner so I can go to the chip-shop
Twenty-four garage and then for a quick top
This time opting for the reassuringly cheap option
When the quids are down
my Schott hoodies my ball gown
My essential accessory is my bad day frown cos
Life in the third-class carriage can be evil
When your only ticket to freedom is a permit to travel
So, Uncle Shiner, you best go get the spade and dig me a grave
Cos I cant pay the rent but I got
Hundred-and-nine pound pair o trainers on
'Cos on the streets Im just a geezer
I gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
On the streets Im just a geezer
Gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
On the streets Im just a geezer
Gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
On the streets Im just a geezer
Gotta make ends meet, yeah
Gotta do what I need to
Shit, we all got our runnins now
La la la
What are you doing, you twat and I was like
What the fuck, is this, what are you saying, you div?
Oi, thats it
Smell of good earthy herbs makes my nerves shudder but where were you that cold December
'Cause we were in the Grasshopper spending guilders
Central Station, charged up like Scarface Amsterdam ain't a nice place off your face, we
Enter the race
Walk down, been there before, done that, no joy, if you're bored, let's go see Roy, get
Fucked up with the boys
Calvin, Schmalvin, I'm well within my limit, oh hang on a minute, these mushrooms just
Kicked in, think I might be finished
The ball game heads for the worse, for what it's worth I might just fall off the edge of
The earth, brain's kind of surfing now
We wander down darkened pathways in a daze, "Want to buy any cocaine?", am I paranoid? "Yes
You're paranoid"
Charlie, darling, please save me, this is raving, take me home to my baby, two bags of
Mushrooms, room's mushed up and I need a cradle
In its own little way, my body was trying to say that you better stop drinking brandy
In its own little way, my body was trying to say that you better stop drinking brandy
Now getting to the bar's gonna be trouble
So the Marlons'll have to be doubles
Then you drink doubles
The same speed you drink singles
Ah beautiful, the barman holds aloft the crystal glass and I'm having all that's in the
Bubble in the bottom of the bottle
Then by three or four, your head's a bit mangled
Club's full, you mingle
You dance the fandango
You sing all your favorite jingles
Far gone on one, call me Baron Von Marlon
One has a monocle and cigar
Dickie-bow and long johns
My utility belt tells me it's to the bar Batman
Fat cans of that lager then it's straight to the dance-floor
For much more fancy footwork, it's adored by many amour
Don't awe me with your little sidestep technique
Get to the beat, loosen up, it's The Streets
In its own little way, my body was trying to say that you better stop drinking brandy
In its own little way, my body was trying to say that you better stop drinking brandy
We eat junk food, sat drunk on the tube
Every time the train clunks I feel like puking
Wonder whether that beautiful bird'll ring
Then it all goes hazy, these are the days we're walking up out and back to the road, talking
Well shouting actually, loads more drunk, by Jove, mind's focused, balance fucked up
Ra, ra, ra, it's all back to the Dogstar and if it's his round I'm quite partial to another
Marlon at the bar
Bad idea to start again late, should've given my brain a break
Take it easy mate, you start to think you're a state, you definitely are a state
In its own little way, my body was trying to say that you better stop drinking brandy
In its own little way, my body was trying to say that you better stop drinking brandy
I wish I could read what his eyes are sayin'
Staring straight and not blinking
He's not giving anything away
What is he thinking?
I wish I could read what his eyes are sayin'
Staring straight and not blinking
He's not giving anything away
What is he thinking?
Can't seem to do anything but stare
My C.P coat is lyin' just there
Draped over the edge of that dusty chair
All fits into place suddenly
Yeh my coat was hangin' up under my stairs
But one day it went leaving the cupboard bare
The facts all click in and become square
He stole it while I was unaware
But why's he denying it when it's so bate
Looking at the telly, won't look over straight
Why's he not flappin' and explaining away?
To one very fuckin' frustrated mate
Dan's been trustin' every word Scott says
He believes in mates so fair play
But Scott's story is too far outweighed
I wish I could read what his eyes are sayin'
Staring straight and not blinking
He's not giving anything away
What is he thinking?
I wish I could read what his eyes are sayin'
Staring straight and not blinking
He's not giving anything away
What is he thinking?
[Wayney G]
This must all look a bit weird
It's Mike's C.P coat sittin' here
Draped over the chair
So that it appears to all fit me up suddenly
An answer 'bout the man who left the bomber here
He must've picked it up from Mikes dear
Girls house When the weather wasn't clear
The man must've thought it was Simone's coat
We didn't think it was Mike's coat though
I can't just deny it 'cause my face shows
Lookin' at the telly's not aidin', no
I can't tell Mike this man didn't know
'cause then Mike would demand to know
Why this man was even at Simone's
[Mike] That frown could mean anything
[Wayney G] What the fuck am I gonna do now?
He know's I'm lyin'
[Mike] I wish I could read his mind
[Wayney G] It's written all over my face
I wish I could read what his eyes are sayin'
Staring straight and not blinking
He's not giving anything away
What is he thinking?
I wish I could read what his eyes are sayin'
Staring straight and not blinking
He's not giving anything away
What is he thinking?
[Mike]
What the fuck's he saying she had the garm'
Either he has gone John Barnes
Or he's tryin' to spin me a con's yarn
He think's he's the fucking don gar
How long have I undergone his smarm?
Shruggin' it all off as fun charm
If he don't stop lookin' at the TV though
I'm gonna wrap the cable round his wee throat
Hang on Scott says Simone had the coat
Where did he see her on the d.low
What is it I don't need to know?
Is he scheming to be near Simone?
In the club I wondered what was on the go
Dan was tryin' to keep Scott from being close
I wish I could read what his eyes are sayin'
Staring straight and not blinking
He's not giving anything away
What is he thinking?
I wish I could read what his eyes are sayin'
Staring straight and not blinking
He's not giving anything away
What is he thinking?
[Wayney G]
Right I can't be bothered with this no more
I'm gonna have to tell him I owe him the score
I wish I could tell him about the dough on the draws
That's somethin' I don't know, I swore
The coat thing will look dodgy loads more
If I don't throw it down as the crow soars
I'd better put the video on pause
Face up toe-to-toe over the floor
He really needs to know how his jacket
Miraculously appeared round my gaff, here
Mike's girl behind Mike's back and thing
This shit's all got a bit out of hand
There's no options I'm all down on plans
I'm jus' gonna have to split it now, man
Tell Mike the person that bought the coat 'round
Was.....Dan
Turn on the light
So it burns in the night
Turning down the flay
The world is uncertain
I'm certained by the curtains tonight
You will not know but grow
We will not dare, we'll always care and ply with your hair
Got to reverse the pattern
What's the worse that could happen?
For the first time in my adulthood
The worse that could happen
Is utterly unthinkable, sinking unsaid dread
Suddenly I'm worried about the bread under the bed
But then all sort of awful shit seem plausible indoors
Proportions get "walked" in to the worse, and for certain
You're growing thumbs
I'm growing numb
"Totting" to your mom's lips like it might be quite fun
A blip on a screen
You don't know me
I think about you
Black and white blotches to watch and not get
It is all as simple as you think when you were little
It is all as simple as me sinking a little drink
Your growing nails, Mine are so nailed
I'm drinking your mothers wine for both of us today
You don't know choice but you know my voice
You should never have of chosen me I have love like a boy
The world's so dark sometimes, the noise of the cars
Building a world up of toys and stars
A blip on a screen
You don't know me
I think about you
You'll dance on every song, foot fall every little move
Before you realize that every noise is not music
My dad raised these thoughts, he pastes these boards
I never knew I just grew that's all you can do
But then growing to an adult is just learning the language
Of explaining with words what you were as a baby
You'll leisurely learn how to lie and pretend, to service your love and rely on your friends
This could be fraught but its all I got taught and I don't wanna make it up as I go along with yours
I fix and I plan
But this is just mad
I love you
You're only a 100 pixels on a scan
A new day, another morning after
Leanin' back on my chair in a greasy spoon cafeteria
Last night was some bit leeriness done our way
But again we're back in like a day
Chattin' shit sittin' at the wall table telling jokes
Playin with the salt looking out the window
Girl brings two plates of full English over
With plenty of scrambled eggs and plenty of fried tomato
Get my phone out about give this girl a shout
See if she had a nice time last night uptown
Ask if she fancy's tryin' it again some time
Then Cal grabs the phone like oy!oy!oy!oy!
Hold it down boy, your head's getting blurred
I know you can't stop thinking of her
By all means, you can vibe with this girl
But just don't mug yourself, that's all don't mug yourself
Seriously Mike, you fucker
No! No! No! I mean, I'll fuckin', I'm no way really tryin'
I mean I'll fuckin', I can take it or leave it, believe
You need to hold it down Jack
Put your phone back
Quit starin' into space and eat your snack that's that
She'll want you much more for not hangin' on
Stop me if I'm wrong, Stop me if I'm wrong
Why should she be the one who decides
Whether it's off or on, or on, or off or on?
Now the girl's rude, I now she's rude
But she screwed right through you, you'll be on your knees soon
Hold it down boy, your head's getting blurred
I know you can't stop thinking of her
By all means, you can vibe with this girl
But just don't mug yourself, that's all don't mug yourself
Your actin' like I'm prancing like a sap jumpin' when she clap's and that
Oy, do you really think I act whack
'Cause I'm telling you I'm servin' the aces and it's game set and match?
Perfectly in control of this goal, I've got the lead role
Won't be foldin', I'm older than you told, girl sold, high speed's gold
Game over, game over, too cold
Hold it down boy, your head's getting blurred
I know you can't stop thinking of her
By all means, you can vibe with this girl
But just don't mug yourself, that's all don't mug yourself
Hold it down boy, your head's getting blurred
I know you can't stop thinking of her
By all means, you can vibe with this girl
But just don't mug yourself, that's all don't mug yourself
She said 'Meet me at the gates at eight
'Leave now, don't be late'
She said one day she'd walk away
'Cause I was always late
Thought things were okay
Didn't care though anyway
Say 'Sorry, babe, I had to meet a mate'
Tempting fate
We first met through a shared view
She loved me and I did too
It's now seven-fifty
Getting ready, better be nifty
Do my hair quickly
Step out, it's cloudy
Mate bells me to borrow money
I've got two Henrys and a dealer to pay
Call up on geezers to rid these green trees
From my reeking jeans
Got a 'you-think-I-care' air
Out glaring geezers' stares
I'm here and I'm there
Couldn't see past the end of my beer
What was getting near
All of the silence after the tears
I didn't know it was over
Till it was too late, too ate
But if I ever needed you
Would you be there?
She said 'Meet me at the gates, don't be late'
But pretty soon the day came for change
So I'm choosing what to wear
Doing my hair with an hour to spare
When my life went pear
She'd been there with a fixed stare
Big wheel climbed to the top
Geezers' stares bounced off
Standing at the top of this huge mountain
Smiling and shouting
Spring flowers sprouting
Not one inch of doubt in my mind
As I reached the gates
Came around the corner at a rate
Risked her love
But I was gonna set things straight
Never again am I gonna be late [x3]
I said meet me at the gates
Leave now, don't be late
I waited for a while
Listening to her voice mail
Mind set sail
Then the facts turned me pale
Wind, rain, hail
My fears unveiled for my fair female
She'd walked away
Too little to late
I step up the pace
Walk past the gate
Rain runs over my face
Spirit falls from grace
I purchase a hazy escape at the alcohol place
In the chase, I sat down, got a fat frown
Weeping and drown in my senses
For this love game's expensive
I walk in a trance
Got a wounded soldier stance
Now nothing holds significance
'Cause the only thing I can see is her elegance
Oi oi oi Lee Satchell you bastard
Stop trying to shag the birds and fight the geezers
Mines a Kronenberg mate
The streets
Who got the funk?
Geezers geezers geezers
Who got the funk?
Original pirate material
Day in the life of a geezer
Crispy, Rosco, England's glory
Uniq, locked on, Andy Lewis
All Birmingham geezers
All London heads
Barnet, Brixton, Beckenham
You're listening to the streets
Original pirate material
Day in the life of a geezer
Day in the life of a geezer
This is just a groove
Just a groove.
